The opening sentence is a great hook to pull readers in. However, the rest of the opening paragraph feels a bit choppy in terms of sentence structure and grammar. I would recommend going through and simplifying some of the sentences. For example, "The captain rolled his eyes as the *Dead Horse* cut its way through to moor-waters" could be simplified to "The captain rolled his eyes as the *Dead Horse* cut through the moor-waters."

I like the tension that is building in the second paragraph as the ship approaches its destination. However, I would recommend using stronger verbs to convey the sense of unease and dread that the characters are feeling. For example, "The peals of frogs and night-cricks cut through the air, the smokestack plugging away, the waxy black line drifting from the orange cinders" could be rewritten as "The deafening peals of frogs and night-cricks cut through the air, the smokestack belching black smoke, the waxy black line drifting from the orange cinders."

The third paragraph does a good job of addressing the helmsman's fears and providing exposition about the mission. However, I would recommend breaking this paragraph up into shorter, simpler sentences. Additionally, I would recommend using active voice throughout this paragraph to make the writing more concise and direct.

The fourth paragraph effectively sets the scene and provides a sense of foreboding. I would recommend using stronger verbs to convey the sense of unease and dread that the characters are feeling. For example, "The swamp seemed silent now, the frogs and insects stilled, watching the procession unfold" could be rewritten as "The swamp fell silent, the frogs and insects stilled, as they watched the procession unfold."

The fifth paragraph effectively builds tension as the Bathysphere is lowered into the well. I would recommend using active voice throughout this paragraph to make the writing more concise and direct.

The sixth paragraph effectively builds tension as the Bathysphere is lowered into the well. I would recommend using active voice throughout this paragraph to make the writing more concise and direct.

The seventh paragraph does a good job of conveying the captain's sense of pride and resolve. However, I would recommend using active voice throughout this paragraph to make the writing more concise and direct.

The eighth paragraph effectively builds tension as the Bathysphere is lowered into the well. I would recommend using active voice throughout this paragraph to make the writing more concise and direct.

The ninth paragraph effectively builds tension as the Bathysphere is lowered into the well. I would recommend using active voice throughout this paragraph to make the writing more concise and direct.

In general, I would recommend using active voice throughout the story to make the writing more concise and direct. Additionally, I would recommend using stronger verbs to convey the sense of unease and dread that the characters are feeling.