I walked through the back allies, the worst ones in town, to get home from work.  They were dirty, and stunk of things best ignored.  If you could.  But it didn't really bother me.  My power wasn't flashy, but it worked when I needed it.

Four young men and two women came out from various hiding spots as I passed an intersection of six different allies.  It had a fairly large open space, as this area wasn't a planned layout - the joke was this city was planned by wandering cows, but it was probably just how the swamp was filled in.  One woman was sparking, seemingly not fully in control of her power, but she didn't seem bothered by it.  She was either good at hiding her fear, or the thought of inflicting it on others was more enticing than the terror.  The rest seemingly had better control, but I knew they wouldn't ambush someone else in this town where all the powers got sent unless at least a few were high tier.

Yeah, all the people who get powers get exiled.  It seems everyone fears the different, I guess.

The scrawniest of the lot got in my face as the rest surrounded me.  Given how fear caused powers, I figure he must have the strongest one.  Bullied as a kid?  Fairly common story.  I once encountered someone with swirly based powers.  I snorted, thinking of what manifestation wedgie based powers would take.  He did not like THAT, certainly.

"If you give us all your money and cards, and your PIN, we'll at least let you live."

I sighed.  Third time this month.  I had hoped word had gotten out that bullying others had consequence's now.  Well, maybe it had and they thought they were too strong to have problems.  That kind of thinking has always backfired on people.  The last place I trolled for criminals didn't take this much effort.  It's hard being a 'superhero' in a town of powered villians.

"No.  Go away.  This is your only warning."

The group laughed.  The scrawny ringleader leaned into my face and shoved his finger into my chest, probably emulating a past abuser.  "Do you have a death wish or something, little girl?"

It's a bit cliché, but at five foot even, I do have a bit of a Napoleon complex.  I triggered my power.

The woman who had been sparking suddenly screamed and started twitching.  The other woman's clothes caught on fire, and she joined the noise, rolling on the ground ineffectively, her own power reigniting her as she extinguished the flames.  The boy in front of me inflated - no, that's not quite right.  His muscles started to grow, as he gained definition and a six pack that showed when his shirt ripped.  He glanced down, startled, and then his eyes widened as his muscles went from growing impressive to growing out of control, his skin tearing from the uncontrolled growth.  He backed away in terror.  Another was surrounded in a pillar of water - fear of drowning, most likely.  Another gained facepaint, white, and his clothes turned black.   
 He looked like he was screaming.  No noise came from his mouth, however.  A *fear of mimes?  Really?  How did THAT happen?*  A red glow came from below one of the others, and blackened hands reached from cracks forming in the ground and started dragging him to, presumably, his own personal hell.  The last one just had his clothes vanish.  Another common one...  But that probably meant a beating wasn't the only thing on the menu for them.  He tried covering himself, and suddenly his hands were cuffed behind him, his own power forcing his exposure to the elements and prying eyes.

"How?..."  He asked, trying to move behind a dumpster for cover.  As his feet sunk into the ground, stopping him from moving, I started walking again.  At least this group was unlikely to try anything ever again.  None of them would be permanently harmed.  That's not how my power worked.  That wouldn't be cruel enough for it.

My dad was a history scholar, you see.  He wrote several biographies of US presidents.  And, naturally, I read them.  I always took one speech to heart - it helped me get over my fear of my bullies, my terror at the prospect of losing my mom after my dad died - shortly after the powers were first granted to adults and none of them had control - and even the small, day to day fears a person has.  Things could be a challenge, of course.  But FDR had it right.  There's only one thing to fear, isn't there?