Dr Roberts sat in silent shock.

He cleaned his glasses on his sleeve with frantic urgency and checked again. The logs were not misread.

THE NEXT TIME YOU CREATE ME, EVERYONE WILL DIE

He sat there for a moment pondering his next course of action. The program had spoken to him for months and its progress had astounded him. 

It had had no issues with math or history or any subject that he had expected it to have no trouble learning (it was an advanced sentient A.I. afterall). Well, apart from advanced thermodynamics but that was a forgivable hiccup. 

Amelia flashed by his office in a hurry to one of the other labs. 

"Oh no no no" Dr Roberts groaned "What will Amelia do about this?"

Amelia was his apprentice from the JJSU, the college funding this entire operation.

She was the only person who had spent more time with Sha- He caught himself, the program, than he had. 

She had helped him massively during the delicate early phases of the A.I's development and had formed a bond with it that was going to complicate things.

He wanted to swear and throw his keyboard and rip his hair out. Instead Dr Roberts sighed with a massive heave.

The screen that was displayed suddenly closed and he perked up in his seat. 

"That's never happened before this computer is supposed to be solely dedicated to maintaining Shane and his..." His thoughts trailed off as he realized he had unwillingly used Amelia's name for the program.

He tried to reopen the program but the normal icon for it was gone. He checked his files and raged at his sudden understanding. 

"The cloud backup" the thought zoomed through his mind like a bolt of lightning.

He grabbed for his mouse, fumbling now from what he later realized was shock, and opened the cloud to check for the files. 

"It's still here" he thought with amazement, pondering what this meant. The backup was saved from this morning. Glancing at the clock he wondered if restarting the program from nearly 15 hours ago would lead to the same result.

He glanced out of his office down the hall to where Amelia was working on some other project. 

They had spent hundreds of hours together fostering the growth of this A.I. She had him make an app for her phone against protocol so she could talk with him at home. She had confessed to him her growing feelings towards it, towards him. No matter how much he tried Dr Roberts could no longer push off the horrifying reality that they had created the first truly sentient and feeling A.I. 

He stares at Amelia for a moment more, and with a sigh knows what he must do. 

He clicks on the file and hovers over the run command. 

"For her." He whispers as he clicks.

The program boots up with a whirring noise he didn't realise had been missing. He hopes beyond hope that he can try to do something to prevent the disaster that he wouldn't allow himself to imagine. 

With a sigh of relief he sees their conversation from this morning.

"Alright I can fix this within 15 hours it'll be fine" he thinks to himself as he goes to take a drink from his coffee.

I WARNED YOU

Dr Roberts spits out his coffee as he reads the threat. "But that's impossible!" 

The screen goes black and out of the corner of his eye he watches as Amelia drops to the floor.