"What I do not understand," Rok-varr said, or at least that's what the translator on their wrist chirped, "is why your people seem to struggle to obey the Touching Rule so. What is it about humans that make it so difficult to abide by your own rule?"

I was a Medical Officer, yes, but I was also very far from the rest of the compliment of humans that had come into space three years ago. The only human on the ship, in fact.

"I can attempt to explain it, Medical Officer Rok-varr, if you wish, but I must warn you that my explanation may not make sense."

"Yes yes, your warning of insensibility you put before any explanation of human behavior," they snarled, lip curling to reveal three serrated fangs, tucked neatly into their catlike mouth.

"The warning is mandatory, you know this," I said, tone falling flat before I could control it.

All four of Rok-varr's ears flickered, and they nervously licked their lips. They did not fully understand what all my tonal shifts meant, but flat and even made the whole ship nervous.

"I- I apologize?"

I took a long, deep breath.

"I am just as frustrated by having to give the warning before I speak as you are to hear the warning before I offer an explanation, Officer Rok-varr. I am typically able to let it pass by not drawing attention to or lingering on the warning. You have done nothing to offend me- I am simply as tired of saying the warning as you are of hearing it."

They relaxed, their two tails curling up on either side of their seat.

"Ah. Perhaps we can visit abbreviating the warning for convenience some time. An explanation would still be appreciated."

I picked up a small stuffed chinchilla off my section of the desk and let myself fidget with it, running my fingers through the cloud-soft fur, rubbing the texture of the barely-any-glitter-left ears, twirling the smooth, unstuffed tube of the tail as I considered the shortest explanation.

"Ultimately, the reason we struggle to obey our own rule, is because for humans, touching other life forms- something that we know for certain is a living being of *some* sort, is a vital physical need that, when unsatisfied, affects our emotional and mental wellbeing. Being deprived of these touches also causes physical symptoms of a once-common illness we call tactile deprivation syndrome- more commonly known to humans in general as *touch starvation*."

Rok-varr leaned forward in their seat, all four ears and eyes on me.

"Do you suffer from this syndrome, Officer Revialis?"

I paused, the toy dangling over my desk by it's tail.

"I have several of the symptoms, yes. Pursuing increased emotional intimacy with those around me, since in human culture this would make it more likely for me to receive casual touch from friends and comrades; being increasingly drawn to anything soft; occasional hallucinations of creatures that provided companionship to me in my youth; finding it increasingly difficult to remember that touch is in no way *casual* to any of the other members of this crew; thinking longingly of the end of my tour when I will be packed into a room full of other humans I may touch casually, including the ones I personally do not get along with well. Also the physical sensitivity to any touch, even clothing and my own hands, which worsens the longer I cannot treat the symptoms. I am using techniques effective in slowing down the progression of the syndrome, such as this," I gestured with the stuffed animal, "but yes, I am very touch-starved, and anticipate it worsening until I can meet up with some sort of service on shore leave or get my hands on another human."

Rok-varr sat back on their seat, and crossed their tertiary arms in what I had come to understand as their 'thinking pose'.

"I do not like that you are suffering from this *touch starvation* and that is why you struggle to avoid touching non-human crewmates," they announced after almost five minutes of contemplative silence.

"I d not enjoy suffering from touch starvation, but I can do nothing about it," I replied- quickly, too quickly, and too sharply.

"That is the tonal shift you use when you tell a lie meant to keep group cohesion strong," Rok-varr said, all four eyes narrowing at me.

"It would be inappropriate for me to romantically proposition someone simply to treat my need for touch, and the only people I would consider pursuing romantically are uninterested. I am no-one's offspring nor caregiver, and I am no-one's mate. And to ask people to let me touch them in a way they consider intimate while citing medical treatment would be an abuse of my position as a medical officer. An adult human will not die of touch starvation, though an infant will- an adult will merely suffer and perform under a handicap until treatment can be administered. There is nothing I can do. I have been examining this issue for three years, Officer Rok-Varr. If there was a viable solution, I would have pursued it already." \[1/?\]

[First four parts now compiled on my A03!](https://archiveofourown.org/works/38900643)