To get the description of your magic power you'll have to dip one piece of paper in the water from the magic fountain. Seemed pretty simple but whenever I tried it my paper didn't say anything until I picked it up. I held it against the sun like it's usually done and with my heart racing I opened my eyes ready to see the very long yet amazing description, but when I looked there were only four big words written on the paper. "Don't make eye contact."
My dad, mom and sister were waiting by the car, they said they wanted me to have this moment and tell them all about it when I'm ready. What do I tell them now? My sister said her description was so lengthy she had to use two sheets of paper and it could have basically been summarized by saying "you can make things levitate." The average human being was getting about one to two page description of their super power so what is with this? Maybe my family was playing a prank on me. Yep that must have been it. I mean I saw the ritual happen a thousand times and everyone had at least half a page of description of their powers. "Don't make eye contact" hah that's so dumb I almost fell for it too.
"Are you done? Mom and dad are in a hurry. We can read everything in the car."
"You know you almost got me with this one." I turned to face my sister and as soon as I made eye contact with her she burst into flames like a tank of gas. I watched it all happen and I couldn't do anything but listen to her screaming and begging for help. I dropped to my knees crying. The only thought in my mind was what have I done. I watched my sister take a few more steps and drop lifeless on the floor. My parents both freaked out, came to her rescue but I knew my sister was dead and it was all my fault. My dad was yelling at me asking what happened but I couldn't answer, the sheet of paper that forever changed my life was in front of me with the same four words written on it.
My mom called out to me but I told them to stay away. I covered my eyes in fear. I knew if I looked them in the eyes they would end up just like my sister. My mom tried to grab my hand but I told her to get away. I couldn't hold my tears any longer. What have I done? My mother picked up the paper and read the four words horrified. She called out to my dad who was still checking on my sister and when she showed him the paper he read it out loud. "Don't make eye contact."
Hearing them again made me lose my mind. Why? What kind of power is this? Or should I say curse. What have I done to deserve this? Why is this happening to me?
My dad said my name and unconsciously I looked up at him. The last word he said was "you". He burst into flames just like my sister. My mother, scared to death, was trying to put him out when she turned and looked me right in the eyes. It wasn't longer before she too was engulfed by the flames of death. I watch as they both die burned alive right before my eyes. Their screams will forever be a memory that will plague my mind till death. Shortly after everything went black.