Mr. Anderson always seemed strange to me. Don't get me wrong, he was passionate about his job. He would go on long tangents, occasionally mentioning theories as it they were fact or telling stories that didn't seem to have any historical evidence.  He would talk about Julius Ceasar and other historical figures, mentioning oddly specific details about them that didn't seem to be historically doxumented yet hard to make up.


Something wasn't right... there was _something_ going on. I mean, he was never aggressive, he only raised his voice in class once. He had quoted Sun-Tzu during his lesson, leading to a kid saying something along the lines of "Szun-Tzu is a bitch" which led to Mr. Anderson going on a rant about how Szun-Tzu was a great man and general... almost as if he was defending a friend. I could've sworn in the moment his eyes were glowing orange and smoke seemed to engulf his head but I seemed to be the only one who noticed, or at the very least everyone else was too scared to mention it.


I had to know, and there was only one way to find out. I had to confront him. So I entered his classroom, he liked to stay there and grade homework after class. 


"Hello Danny! Can I do something for you?" Even though I was on the football team, Mr. Anderson was still far larger than I with hands that looked as if they could bend steel.


"Well uh... I-i wanted to ask you something" I stammered as I spoke as a sudden wave of nervousness washed over me. I swear his eyes had a light glow in the moment.


"Go on"


"I have to know... what are you?"


"What?"


"Your stories... your eyes... the smoke... something isn't right... you can't be human!"


Mr. Anderson chuckled, "That's ridiculous. Is this some kind of prank?"


"No! I'm being serious, tell me the truth!"


"The truth is you're panicking and acting irrationally, maybe you should go home and rest."


"Your eyes are glowing now! I can see it!"


Mr. Anderson stood and placed his hand on my shoulder, "Please calm down, take a seat. I'll go get you some water"


I sat down at the desk nearby as exited the room. I was trying to collect myself but it was difficult given the circumstances. Soon Mr. Anderson returned, bottle of water in hand.


"Look Danny, you're a good kid. You've always been at the top of my class so I hope that I can trust you with this" he paused, as I nodded in agreement too nervous to speak.


"You're right. I'm not human. Well, not a normal one at least. You see, I'm immortal. It happened many years ago, I was sick. I found a witch, and pleaded with her for a cure for I was terrified of death. She agreed with the terms that I would he granted with eternal life. I agreed and she imbued me with magic. I was bigger, stronger and immortal, I was too blind to see the downside. Immortality is more of a curse than people realize" as he spoke his smiled dropped and sadness filled his eyes.


"Everyone around you shrivels and dies while you stay the same. The pain one experiences in a lifetime is immeasurable, and I am cursed to face them forever, until one day the universe dies, and I can only pray I die with it"


I remained frozen. I wasn't sure what to believe. It explained so much yet brought along so many more questions.


"I understand if you don't believe me, most people don't" Mr. Anderson stood up and adjusted his jacket.


"You asked for answers and I provided them. The rest is up to you"


**END**


Hello! I hope you enjoyed this little story, I know it's not the best but I want to improve my writing skills so I've decided to respond to at least one writing prompt every weekday. If you have any advice or criticism I'd love to hear it. Also, I'm currently writing on mobile, so apologies for any formatting issues.

You can read more stuff I wrote [here](https://www.reddit.com/user/Infamous_227/comments/u8zti6/things_ive_wrote/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share)