Mr. Baird fished a chess piece from his suit pocket and placed it gently on his desk. It was a bishop. "Do you understand?" he asked.

My babushka taught me the game at an early age. When she was a student in Soviet Russia, chess was used as a political prop to demonstrate strategic superiority. Boys and girls who might otherwise have gone on to do great work as scientists or artists were snatched up by the state if they showed the mere hint of talent in the so-called game of kings. My grandmother had thought one move further than her assessors and intentionally lost a series of crucial matches so that she would not be entered into the hidden Soviet database of Crucial State Assets. If you were deemed to be a CSA, you had the choice between working for the state or to be exterminated by it. My grandmother never became a CSA. My grandfather was not so fortunate.

"It's a bishop," I said, studying Baird's face. "It can only move diagonally. It can threaten a piece all the way across the board."

He frowned slightly. "And this?" he asked, placing a knight beside the bishop.

"The knight can only move in an L-shape, meaning it can cover more ground in the middle of the board. *A knight on the rim is dim*, as they say."

He looked up at me. "They say that?"

I squirmed in my seat. "They say that."

Mr. Baird removed his glasses and made a show of wiping them clean. Then, after letting me simmer in confusion for a short while, he said, "We have a mole."

He could have forcefully shoved the chess pieces down my throat and it would have had less of an effect on me. Because I already knew the agency had a mole: it was me.

After they donated a sizable hole to the back of my grandfather's neck, the state raised my father to be a CSA. They provided him with a CSA wife. And they instructed them both to blend into American society and to produce a culturally-immersed CSA. Me, as it turned out.

"A mole?" I said. I arched my brows to produce a look of what the agency training manual described as Genuine Surprise.

"Indeed," said Mr. Baird. "And I want you to catch him."

For a while we just sat there. The director stared at the two chess pieces while he waited patiently for my reply.

"I'm not sure I'm the most qualified man for the job," I argued.

Mr. Baird scoffed. "You are. Trust me on this."

With that our meeting concluded and I was off to catch a mole. Only that my task was really to find myself, and this idea seemed to me very nice and Zen-like. Of course, I would instead frame a colleague. My parents had taught me how when I was barely 14. All you have to do is to produce a list of ambiguous traits and bind them together with a compelling narrative. Someone hums classical tunes every now and then? They have a strange smell? They have a strange fascination with saltwater fish? You take these traits, which really mean nothing, and you tie them together with a sinister theme. The classical tunes are the same that are drilled into the heads of every Hungarian schoolboy, you say, and the smell is precisely that of farsangi fánk--Hungarian yeast doughnuts. And you mention the common cover operations Hungarian agents tend to employ which includes, as everyone knows, fish factories. It's all true, of course, except the fact that there's a link between any of these traits. Three of them is enough to raise subtle suspicion. A hundred? That's damning evidence.

When I returned to Baird's office with my pile of damning evidence, he simply shook his head and again he produced his chess pieces. "Do you understand?" he asked.

This time, I tried to impress him with an old observation handed down to me by my babushka. "The imbalance between the bishop and the knight is what keeps the game of chess interesting."

For the first time, I saw a hint of a smile across his lips. "Go on," he said.

"The bishops are more powerful, but the knights are trickier. It takes more effort to calculate the potential movements of the knight. Their relationship creates an asymmetry. That asymmetry, like Marilyn Monroe's mole, is what makes chess interesting."

"Marilyn Monroe's *mole*?"

"Yes. Symmetry is boring. You need to disrupt it, like the bridge in a song. I'm not sure I'm explaining myself very well."

"No, no. I understand the analogy. What I am interested in is your choice in words. As your object of metaphor, you settled on a mole. Why is that?"

I stared at my pile of documents, then back up at Baird. From his eyes I could tell straight away: he knew. How? I had covered my tracks perfectly. A stupid thing like a choice of metaphor? I felt insulted. He was *right*, sure, but accidentally so. Which should be a crime.

"I have been looking for one for months. It's not strange."

"It's *interesting*," he countered.

I didn't like the tone of his voice. He knew from the start, didn't he? Then why the investigation? Did he want to play with me? Was that what the chess pieces were all about? A foolish cat-and-mouse played to entertain a bored director?

"I wouldn't say it's interesting," I said.

"Of course it's interesting. A mole using the metaphor of a mole."

An image entered my mind like a shard of glass from a shattered window. My grandmother had described to me, in detail, the hole in my grandfather's neck. She told me she found him out in the woods one morning after the state agents brought him along for "a walk." The strangest thing was that she felt nothing at first, and it was only after she poked a turnip through the hole that she realized that her husband might truly be dead. Before she saw the turnip enter at one end and come out the other, my grandfather was certainly still alive. But no man can be alive who has a turnip sticking through his neck, she said.

I saw the turnip blushing purple from the back of my grandfather's neck with leafy greens sprouting miraculously from the other side. I imagined my babushka tasting the turnip afterward, as she told me she had done, to ascertain that it was truly a turnip. I heard the delicate crack of the vegetable and the scent of the gunpowder still lingering in the air.

"How long have you known?" I asked the director and I briefly entertained in my mind the image of my very own hole in the neck. I imagined my babushka fighting her way to the morgue with a turnip, arguing with guards and morticians, and I imagined my parents having their CSA status revoked with a pair of slit throats.

"It is true, as you said, that the relationship between the bishop and the knight has to do with balance. That was my intention, in fact. I wanted you, however, to reflect one step further. I wanted you to understand the truth of balanced power."

The warm smile on the man's lips made my blood run cold. "What do you mean?"

Mr. Baird adjusted his glasses. "We maintain the balance of power between nations not by arming ourselves with weapons of mass destruction. There aren't enough wars, unfortunately, for that to be an effective means of deterrence. Instead, we maintain it through a balance of information. It is no accident that you are here. In fact, it's all according to agreements made decades ago."

"Agreements? What agreements?"

"We allow a certain number of Russian spies. Russia allows a certain number of American spies. It's all standard. It's not the kind of transparency your average citizen would understand, but it's what keeps them safe. We've had files on you since before you were born."

Baffled, I did not know what to say.

The director pushed the chess pieces toward me. "Choose one," he said.

From his look, I knew that my fate depended on this decision. I just didn't know how. Was he asking me whether I wanted to be a bishop or a knight? To make threats from a distance, or to cover terrain from a central position? "Oh," I said, suddenly.

"Do you understand?" he asked me. I gave him a nod and reached for the knight. "Before you make your decision," he added, "I want to apologize."

"What for?"

"For murdering your grandfather."

His smile grew to a fat grin. He smacked the pile of documents I had collected. "I am retiring. We can use this to frame your colleague, and you can assume my position. Just like the higher-ups planned. Knowing that I personally killed your dear family member, do you still want to go through with it?"

I saw all of a sudden that the director looked remarkably like a turnip. His red forehead and his pasty beige face--it was somehow all the proof I needed to verify that his words were true.

Mr. Baird made a lovely sound when I shoved the figurines down his throat. The sound of him choking was a thing of beauty I could never have anticipated; gasps and grunts and gags. His face quickly became all purple and I whispered into his ear, "What a lovely little turnip you are."

Confused, he reached for something under his desk and that was the last thing Mr. Baird ever did.

As I stared at his corpse, a group of agents entered the office. I greeted them with a smile. Would they kill me straight away, or would they throw in some torture for the hell of it?

One of them stretched out his hand. "Mr. Director," he said. "We'll take it from here."

"What do you mean?" I said. "I have killed the director."

"Exactly according to plans," said another of them. "Please, have a rest. You must be exhausted."

They cleaned up the scene in minutes, and soon people were gossiping about the director's sudden heart attack. Apparently, everyone but me already knew that I was to be his replacement and though some appeared to be jealous of my fortune, they had the decency to hide it well.

Jeremy from accounting congratulated me on my promotion, and he hummed a melody by Brahms. Soon he'd be shipped off to Guantanamo Bay, I realized. I had chosen him at random and felt slightly uncomfortable but the feeling soon passed.

I sat in the director's chair for a long time before it dawned on me that all this time I had been neither a bishop nor a knight, but a pawn.