"Eight thirty-two, eight thirty-two..." I muttered quietly to myself as I continued down the line, my steps light to avoid waking the sleeping tykes. "Ahh, this one?"

I turned to the nurse and she nodded solemnly, another gesture affirming I was free to pick up the little blue bundle. 

I turned to peer down into the small cot, smiling slightly as that unmistakable clean baby smell filled the ward. "Hey there, kiddo." I started softly, feeling the thump of my heart steadily rise as I took in the kid's frame. 

Puffy and chunky and exactly as 'overcooked boiled potato' looking as all babies, but...

My eyes could see the faintest hints of lines I'd spent decades seeing in the mirror. 

...maybe there *was* something to this whole baby thing. 

I reached in and booped him on the nose, his squirmy, response as he scrunched up his cute nose making me coo immediately. "Everythin's gonna be okay, little man." I assured him, fingers reaching out to pinch a chubby cheek before I could think better of it. 

The newborn started to fuss so I scooped him out of the cot before he could wake and wail the other babies into a frenzy. 

"Shh, shh, it's okay." I soothed, rocking him as best I could from what little I remembered, making sure to support his little blanketed head. "Nothin' to cry about, little guy."  I held him up, smiling as his face relaxed some. "Nobody's putting you in an orphanage."

Not that the place had been *bad* or anything. They'd done all they could to make sure each growing boy had more than enough to eat. The staff was great. The other kids...

I pulled him close to my chest. "How about science? You like science, kiddo?" He fidgeted in a way I chose to accept as confirmation because *of course* he did. "Yeah, of course you do."

The nurse's giggles startled me slightly. I'd all but forgotten that she was in the room. 

"No public school for you then. They won't *get* you." I aimed my most serious face down at his sleeping features so he'd know I wasn't joking. "We'll make sure you get into a science school, okay, some kinda academy for brainy kids."

His incoherent mumbles sounded like more than adequate agreement to my ears. 

"And you can do whatever club you like..." I trailed off as my finger booped his nose again. 

I could feel how distant my eyes were, how my mind threw itself back to all those years of frustration, boredom and loneliness. 

"...make as many friends as you can." And not spend years after lamenting your non existent social skills and years more actually trying to *make* a friend. 

The relative silence in the ward stretched for what must've been minutes before the nurse softly announced my time was up. 

I squeezed the still sleeping bundle to my chest affectionately, always well aware of how small and delicate he was. "I gotta go now, kiddo. Got some papers to sign before I can take you home with me." I didn't have to force the small smile that grew on my face. "It'll be great, you'll see."

I couldn't help but assure him, as if he could even understand a thing I was saying. 

"We'll have a dog, and a yard, and a white picket fence. The whole suburban shebang." Well, no mom, but...

My smile turned a little hollow as my thoughts caught up to me. 

"Your mom...she didn't make it. She...she loved you more than anything, little man. So you're gonna have to be strong for me, okay?" 

Not as strong as I had to be, but that's exactly why I'm here, isn't it. Besides, maybe I'll have better luck with the females the second go around. 

Feeling the nurse getting slightly antsy I pressed a lingering kiss to the baby's forehead before gently easing him back into the cot. "Later, kiddo."