The Collection of Consciousnesses called Golbur sat on their crystal throne peering through the stream of the N-dimensional simulation. A steady stream of glitches pinged against their mindscape. Golbur bent the simulation into an isolation torus and slowed the stream until a single glitch was visible. They paused it. "Gotcha."

Golbur pulled the offending simulacra into reality. A small mammalian, mostly hairless and covered in a tight neoprene covering. One of Yahweh's silly little inclusions in the sim. An accompanying information stream indicated that it was designated Julia. Golbur switched to it's language.

"What Were You Doing?"

The Julia creature looked around at the room, the walls of which were beyond the limits of her sight. "What the hell just happened? This isn't Alpha Centauri. Where's my ship?"

"Focus, Creature. We Will Know You." Golbur pinned Julia's gaze onto themself.

"Hello, Mr. — Sea Urchin? Are you talking to me? Your spines are being all shifty." She kept trying to look elsewhere.

Golbur extruded an avatar into her dimension. "Look at me. Is this better?"

"Oh, now you just look like me. Except for the mustache. Ready to tell me what's going on?"

Golbur waved one of her hands and a small image of a starship floated between them. "You were on this vessel? Commanding it, yes?"

"The Starskipper. Yes, we'd just made the jump to Alpha Centauri."

Golbur grimaced, a facial contortion that she decided that she liked. "But previously you were in the Sol system? An entirely different loading zone. Traveling between the two systems is supposed to take 5 years. The time lag allows the simulation to load in needed assets. How did you get there so fast?"

Julia smiled. "Skip drive. You shove a singularity inside the corona of a star and the universe freaks out, skips you somewhere else. Even the nerd squad can't work out the math for why it works, but it does."

"It's not supposed to work that way. You're using a glitch to speedrun to another star?" Julia nodded eagerly.

Golbur paused Julia and reran the relevant part of the simulation. "Crap. It repros. I'm not going to be able to fix this in a single sprint."

Golbur unpaused Julia. "I don't suppose I'll be able to convince you humans to just stop doing it?"

Julia laughed. "The skip drive is the basis for the Human Empire. We'd never give it up."

Golbur waved a hand and Julia popped out of existence, then they reverted back to their true form. They peered across the vast dimensions of the simulation. Despite the glitches, it was still running.

"Screw it, we'll call it a feature."

\[More writing at r/c_avery_m\]