Six months ago the mutant, Ransik, began attacking the city of Silverhills with his army of mutant criminals and robots. The city was now always a little tense, never knowing when the next mutant would show its face and try to attack someone seemingly at random, or just cause chaos for no apparent reason. 

Dr Michael Zaskin, a middle aged man with dark brown hair was head researcher at the company called Bio-lab. He was the one responsible for all the research done on the remains of the robots, the blasters they carried and on the one morpher they had access to. All the technology was beyond anything he'd seen before, beyond anything he'd ever been allowed to study after the alien attacks in Angel Grove. The morpher was sitting on the table in front of him, it's owner, a very serious Asian man with dark hair watched him work like a hawk stalking its prey. He never took his eyes off the red and black device. Dr Zaskin marveled at the device, poking and prodding at it with various instruments. The readings were off the charts, but unless Commander Myers activated it himself, it remained inactive. When activated, it instantly gave the wearer red and black armour, weapons and even a giant mech in the shape of a dinosaur to help keep the city safe. He stood in order to grab another device when the sound he dreaded hearing blared from a speaker above his head. The attack alarm. Commander Myers grabbed his morpher and was gone in an instant. Dr Zaskin walked over to the window overlooking the city streets, he saw the Asian man sprinting off into the distance, towards some unknown threat. He looked beyond and tried to see through the concrete jungle of office blocks and saw nothing. The sun was shining brightly, the leaves of a few trees were blowing in the light breeze that came up from the ocean. The alarm went off and it was all silent again, apart from the ringing in his ears. He went back to his desk and sat back down in the black high backed computer chair. He looked at the readings in front of him and shook his head. Nothing made sense. The morpher came out of an archaeological dig in a layer of sediment from 65 million years ago. The device was millions of years old and yet, the technology was so advanced he was struggling to understand any of it. 

He pushed his keyboard back in frustration then looked down at the piece of paper under it. A currently unsolved equation was scribbled on it with a bunch of his own markings. He picked up his pen and after a few minutes wrote some more on the page, it was like a flip had switched inside his brain and the answer was suddenly there in front of him. 

"Dr Michael Zaskin?"

The doctor jumped around so quickly he nearly toppled out of his chair. In the doorway was a man dressed in what looked like a black uniform, but what stunned him the most was that it was his bosses son, Wesley Collins, but it wasn't him, it just looked like him. The man in front of him felt wrong somehow, he didn't stand right, his expression was wrong, he talked with an odd accent. His hair was a darker brown and slicked back with gel.

"Yes?" He answered as the man repeated the question. 

"My name is Alex Drake, I'm with the temporal devision of Time Force. I'm here to prevent history from being altered. This equation isn't supposed to be solved for 200 years." 

Dr Zaskin stared at the man. Time Force wasn't a new term to him, that's what the Power Rangers fighting the mutants called themselves. Talking as if time travel was a reality, not just a concept, that made his curiosity peak. He had so many questions but as he opened his mouth, the man in black put his hand up to stop him.

"You can either forget this and move on, or," He moved his long coat and showed off a white blaster, just like what the main team of Rangers used.

The doctor hadn't studied them, but he knew they were capable of killing a human with ease. He gulped, "I'll forget, I won't use it," he promised and handed the paper to the man, his hands shaking a little. 

The man stood silently, his face blank. He took the paper and put it into an inside pocket before he nodded slightly and left the room without another word. 

The doctor collapsed to the floor and hugged himself, heart pounding, wondering what had just happened. That man, who looked like Wesley but wasn't, he was from the future, at least 200 years, probably further. His mouth fell open. The mutants, the tech he'd been trying to understand, it was all from the future, that's why it was beyond his knowledge. He began to laugh, time travel, it was possible!