Vulpira, Empress of Shadows, could have killed anyone of the seven other supervillains seated around her, but where was the fun in that?

No. The challenge in taking over the world came not from defeating the self-righteous do-gooders who struggle against her efforts. Instead, it came from executing those most brilliant schemes, conquering city after city, all while watching your back -- because anyone of your lieutenants could betray you. That was the way of the supervillain, after all.

Stab or be stabbed.

And her newest plan would put her in the most vulnerable position of her entire career. Stripping herself of her powers, all for the sake of luring the Hero Association's biggest hitters. Cowards who would never dare challenge her at full strength. Laid bare before the cowards, the "big three" would come. And when they did, Vulpira's "Octogram" -- the name of her organization -- would leap out and strike down the association's champions once and for all.

But before that could happen, Vulpira needed to sniff out who was most likely to betray her. Who amongst the seven would sacrifice victory over their own petty gains?

Vulpira glanced over to Dr. Mayhem. He was sweating over his tablet. A shlubby little man with too much ambition and not enough power. Yes, his contraptions were useful, some might even call them genius. But Vulpira was not some--

"Is there something on my face," Dr. Mayhem squeaked.

"What? No." Vulpira waved away the comment. "Merely admiring your good looks, my dear doctor."

The doctor blushed, from cheek to bare scalp. He straightened himself in his seat and steepled his fingers over his belly. "Flattery will get you everywhere, Empress."

Even if he didn't betray her, Vulpira considered snuffing Dr. Mayhem out, if it meant and end to the lecherous looks. He probably thought she didn't have a clue about the "Vulpira fan page" he'd launched. Computer generated nudes uploaded to his seedy little site...

"Well," scratched a jagged voice, like a rat clawing drywall. Pied Piper pointed his flute at Vulpira and continued, "You gonna tell us why we're here, Vulpy, or we all just gonna sit here and glare at each other?"

Vulpira stood, raised her hands. It wasn't that the lights in the meeting chamber dimmed. It was that the shadows grew, stretched out from the corners, pulling in the light. The room grew colder. The villains around the table shifted nervously in their seats. *Good. Let them sweat*, she thought. *One of them will die and then we'll move on with our little meeting.*

The door to the chamber swished open. "I brought cookies!" chimed a gruff little voice.

Heads turned to the doorway as the shadows receded to the corners.

"Yes," Vulpira said, still in her *scare the shit out of you tone*. "Thank you beloved. You can set them down on the tray."

"Oh!" Martin, her husband, chimed. "I've also made some fresh chai. Hands up if you'd like chai."

The seven villains looked around at each other for a moment before Pied Piper said, "What the bloody hell is this? Your man servant? Put your hand down, Mayhem!"

Mayhem slowly lowered his hand, his shoulders scrunched up to his ears. "I think chai sounds nice."

Terminus Rex slammed a small metallic claw on the table and roared. The vocoder on his neck translated the reptilian wail into: "I hunger. Plan now or I walk."

Vulpira suppressed a snarl. "Darling, could you bring our guest some raw meat. Ah, will beef do, Terminus?"

Terminus Rex roared: "Kobe if you have it."

"Kobe, then. Thank you darling."

"Of course!" Martin said, before exiting the chamber.

"Oh, how I do love that man," Vulpira said, more to herself than anyone else. "Now, I'll get to the plan before any more--" She curdled her voice into a sardonic tone. "--tummies start rumbling."

Vulpira explained her plan to the seven. Their faces started plastered with layers upon layers of well founded skepticism. Pied Piper might as well have started drooling as Vulpira explained how she'd use herself as bait. At some point, Martin returned with Terminus' steak and a steaming pot of chai.

"So," Vulpira said, wrapping up her plan. She extended her senses through the room's shadows, feeling for any fluctuations in heartbeats, violent thoughts, anything that would tip her off to betrayal. A hit.

Vuplira pointed to Dr. Mayhem. "Doctor, is there anything you'd like to share with us?"

Dr. Mayhem got flustered. "Nothing germane to the conversation--"

"Spit it out!" Vulpira demanded.

I just... thought," Dr. Mayhem mumbled, "maybe it would--maybe it would be better if you were actually bare."

"Oh you cheeky monkey," Piper cut in.

The rest of the seven sighed (Terminus roared which his voxbox translated a a sigh).

Something crashed and Dr. Mayhem slumped forward in his seat. Standing behind him holding the handle of a ceramic tea pot was Martin. "I'm so sorry, dear. I didn't mean to interrupt your big meeting, but, I just didn't like how he was ogling you. I shouldn't have stepped in." He looked around to the table. "I apologize, every one. I wasn't sure what to do, and I thought, what would a villain do, you know?" He help up the hand. "I'll make some more tea."

"Wait," Vulpira said, snapping her fingers. Two shadowmen rose up from the floor and unceremoniously dragged the doctor's limp body away. "It's alright, dear. He was going to betray me anyway. And I had no intention of spending the rest of my life in some glass cage for the good doctor to watch me like some streaming service. Please, have a seat."

Martin took Dr. Mayhem's empty place and passed around a dish of cookies.

"You've had it, love," said Piped Piper. "We're supposed to be the bloody Octorgram. The most fiercest, ruthless, downright evil-est group of supervillains to ever live -- and you're filling the eighth spot with him?"

"My name is Martin," her husband said, waving at the table. "But, I guess you can call me ... Doctor Martin?"

Terminus Rex roared: "Perhaps we give him a chance. He did take out Mayhem with a tea pot."

"Mayhen was a joke!" said Pied Piper. He brought his flute to his lips.

Vulpira snapped her finger. Two shadowmen appeared at either side of Pied Piper. "Play a single note and you die," Vulpira growled. Pied Piper raised his hands in surrender.

"I totally understand," said Martin. "Nepotism doesn't feel good in any field. But I want to assure everyone here that I take this position seriously. Think of me as a goalie. I'm here to assist or get out of the way. I look forward to working with you all."

The rest of the villains glanced at Vulpira, and upon her summoning more shadowmen, settled back in their chairs and the meeting continued as planned.

Vulpira, Empress of Shadows, could have killed anyone of the six other supervillains seated around her, but where was the fun in that?