Music is one of the greatest human feats.  Engineering and science are great, don't get me wrong.  I like my air conditioning as much as the next guy.  But there are songs we sing and tunes we hum that connect us to thousands of generations of those who went before us, and no earthquake or tsunami can erase the magic.  Music connects us in visceral ways, and people from across the globe from each other can genuinely connect and feel empathy for one another when listening to something unfamiliar with either of them.  Music reminds us of our common humanity.  

Music is power.  It is the driving force that unites movements and defines generations.  I don't mean in just the cultural touchstone sense, either.  It is very real power.  Psychic, metaphysical power.  I am able to open myself to that power, to that flow.  Since I was little, music allowed me to do things that baffled my parents.  A simple soothing voice humming dropped me to restful healing sleep instantly.  Singing along in the car to my dad's “road songs”, and we'd somehow wind up where we were going hours early.  My school's fight song had my football team winning championships left and right, though it was a bit of a challenge to get the band director to play it before the touchdown.  

The older I've become, the more I've realized that my powers can be tailored.  I can boost my speed and power with battle hymns and old martial music.  A dangerous and frantic crowd is no match for my calming presence while playing a string quartet's  light etude.  I have even used the US Air Force's official song to boost me over a swollen river to rescue some stranded hikers in danger of being washed away.  I didn't set out to be a superhero, but I just kind of fell into it, playing the music and getting things done.  I think perhaps these powers are only really at their apex because of technology.  I can play music in earbuds from a vast remote library of stuff I have collected.  Meticulous sorting and indexing helps me switch rapidly, and my own love of music helps me remember songs to sing to myself and get pumped when electronics fail.  

I don't let on that the music powers me.  I've graduated, so to speak, from fighting natural disasters and cats in trees to the actual villains running roughshod through the world.  No need to let them know that without music, without the ability even to sing, or drum, or connect to that power, I'm fairly normal.  My superhero name is Steve.  It has nothing to do with music, and really, who wants a name like “The Tune”, or “Music Man”, or (as my smart-ass dad once suggested) “Hero who can't remember to take the garbage out”?

This job, for what it's worth as a job, has gotten harder, you know.  Tailoring the music to the villain and the situation is always a challenge.  I show up and start rocking through some metal and thrash music, and villains stop showing up to fight.  They send henchmen, or even worse, unwilling proxies.  Keeping my head on a swivel while I try not to hurt those who have been duped, looking for the real threat to adjust a playlist on the fly isn't easy.  Switching from a classical aria to help focus my wits to get me deep inside a hideout to a gospel hymn of protection when bullets start to fly takes a lot of concentration and skill.

But there was that one... thing.  Villain, yes.  Man?  Woman?  I don't think it was really either.  Someone had made a pact or agreement with something out of time and space.  Something Lovecraftian and eldritch.  It didn't follow the rules of villainy.  No speeches.  No monologuing.  It didn't really conquer, so much as enslave, then consume.  By the time people were really aware of how awful this thing was, it had metastasized into a constantly-shifting mass that exerted its twisted will through psychic and physical force.  One minute, it might be a towering being with flailing tentacles, and another, it might be an manifestation of wind and power, sucking energy out of nearby sources.

How do you fight something like that?  It had to be stopped, and it was obvious that I had to try.  I had flown there on a raft of Air Force service songs and marches.  I even hurried my way with some sci-fi speed music (Star Trek themes are great for warping along).  Moving as fast as I was, I punched through it like a me-sized bullet, tearing a great gout of blackness out of it.  Then I was on the ground, covered in that blackness, feeling my will draining out of me.  I had to switch to some of my favorite motivational songs, the ones that get clubs jumping, just to stand up and untangle myself.  By the time I had, it was aware of me and moving at me.  

Tentacles and thrown objects rained down around me, and I had to get defensive just to survive the onslaught.  I tried my blackest metal to get in fast and try to destroy its physical form.  It evanesced into steam and lightning and attacked me with energy, all while trying to erode my mind.  I needed something that would let me fight this thing back with my mind, but also physically.  It was far more powerful than any foe I'd faced yet.  It could switch its form and mode on a whim, and did so.  For every foot-stomping bluegrass banger to get me motivated and every Mongolian throat-singing metal tune to infuse me with power, this thing just morphed into something different.  I could only switch music so fast, and I was running out of ideas.

Once, years ago, I had hurt a man, badly.  Well, more than hurt.  I was new to using my powers directly against villains, and I had faced some with powers of their own.  He was strong, he was evil, and he had killed many in his quest for power.  He was trying to kill me, and also a bunch of schoolkids.  In trying to find music to keep the kids happy while keeping myself strong enough to fight him off, I stumbled on what I now call my 'forbidden playlist”.  I never wanted to repeat what had happened to that man.  Evil or no, it was too much.  

Taking a bit of parking garage upside my head while blasting power ballads spun me ass over tea kettle, and I knew it was time.  This thing wasn't human so far as I could tell, and it was winning.  I cycled through the list, and “The Merry Go Round Broke Down” soared through the speakers in my head.  Anvils rained down on the beast.  Before it could adjust, I had assumed its own form, but with exaggerated eyelashes, a feminine shape, and huge red lips.  I kissed it.  It boggled mentally.  The “Tom and Jerry” theme blasted and I forced it to chase me into power lines.  Despite lacking solid form, the outline of a skeleton shone from within.  

Cartoons are barely-controlled insanity.  They represent the ability of the human mind to create the most absurd situations and precepts, often lacking even the need for dialogue.  The music sets the theme and the action, and we are caught happily in the tumble of farce and suspended physics.  This thing was caught in the maelstrom, and faced with something as fickle as its own nature, was being defeated.  Acid-squirting flowers and ridiculously huge cannons pelted it.  It fell through holes where there should be none.  And when last I saw it, it was riding a giant rocket straight into the sun.  The sunsets were pretty for about a week after that.  

No mortal can stand the tide of the collected madness of mankind, and I refuse to subject them to it, no matter how debased a villain might be.  But should the need arise, Steve is here to let 'em know: That's all, Folks.