"Seems a bit rude to just ask someone for their backstory, isn't it? Maybe like build more friendship points, increase happiness maybe? Also, why are you asking *me* for what I can do when I came here for *you* to help find it?" I snarked, thankful that no one could see me acting like this to a sentient mass of magical matter in my bedroom.

The orb said nothing, kept glowing that weird rainbow black hue that left spots in my eyes if I looked too long. And I know that it didn't have a face (due in part to being nothing by a magical floating orb in my room), but I had the strong impression they were raising their eyebrow. Pretty difficult without a face, but the orb was a magical power dispensing...*thing* so facial expressions without a face weren't really outside the realm of possibility. 

As the silence stretched on, the other clearly not willing to answer my sass, I gave in. *I* was the one in need, after all, not them. 

"Fine. So I just need to give away some trauma, and you'll help me understand what my magic will manifest into?"

"It will depend on what story you give me. My purpose is to guide the chosen. But we are also tasked with choosing those deserving of our guidance. If I see no purpose to your magic, then I see no purpose to advise you." 

Great, it was the *unhelpful,* uses-too-many-vague-words, type. The sink-or-swim teacher types that I always hated. Fuck you Mr. Sommers for shaming me in math and traumatizing me from magical balls that liked to talk condescendingly. 

Except, it was also the thing I needed. Sure, it was fucked up to rely on a judgemental magic ball for guidance, but it was pretty tame for all the nonsense I was expected to get myself into. 

And I didn't really have a choice. I just... I needed to know.

I sighed. 

"So, my sob story," The orb bobbed up and down and I thought that could have been a nod, could have been the orb preparing to leap at my head. I went for the former. 

"Well, I don't really have heavy traumas compared to most people. I don't have some childhood incident that permanently scarred me, as you can see. I'm not really an orphan ala Batman. Didn't really watch my loved one gunned down like Spider-man."

"Are you saying that there is no pain in your life?" they interrupted. I made a face at them, and shook my head, "No that's not what I'm saying. What it means is that my trauma isn't like some singular event that changed my life."

"What is it then? What can you give me that is unimaginable pain?"

I sighed. Here goes nothing. 

"I'm the family disappointment," I said. "Out of a family of successes, I'm the only one without anything done with their life." 

The words were heavy on my tongue. My hands were shaking, and I felt that crawling awareness of every moving thing around me as my anxiety grew. 

I hated talking about this. My magic. My life. It was already hard to find anyone with magic in the modern world. With the cost of developing magic reflected in the amount of trauma a person underwent, not a lot of people were eager to have their kids suddenly making their toys levitate. 

Made them look bad, you know?

I clenched my fists, trying to keep my focus on talking, doing my best to ignore the orb's eyeless gaze. 

"I'm mentally ill, queer, and already breaking away from our church. Not to mention the fact that I actually have magic. My clan isn't exactly rich and they're trying to win it big in the election so they can be more powerful. I'm everything they hate and I'm forced to live under their roof."

"I see no pain there."

I couldn't stop the scoff from escaping. "Of course, you won't. You just think that it's all about blind kids, paralyzed folk, the cancer patients who have to get irradiated just to live."

"It's crude of you to dismiss their pain," they said, tone almost admonishing. I stared back at them, bewildered.

"No, that's *not* what I'm saying," I argued. "What I'm trying to say is that you only care about the pain that everyone knows."

The orb hummed, considering. "But is it not true that those will illnesses that ruin their bodies are in unimaginable pain?"

"Yes, it's terrible. But that's not the only pain in the world."

"Ah, you refer to pain of the mind and soul? Where the heart is broken and left to grieve or when the eyes see things that are not there? When the mind's paranoia makes them fear their neighbour? Or do you mean that you possess the pain where the soul cannot balance between joy and misery? Or when one is nothing but an emptiness that only death could satisfy?"

I nodded. "Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying."

The orb bobbed up and down. "I can understand that is painful. Though I fail to see what makes you different to be worthy of molding the gift."

I grit my teeth at their callousness. "Fuck you. Just because I haven't tried hurling myself down a building doesn't mean I haven't thought of it. And it's fucked up to assume I'm not hurting."

"I never said you do not suffer. I just do not understand why your suffering is special."

Fucking hell. I had to be a special sufferer? Like, what, VIP torture?  What in god's name decided that this thing was supposed to select would-be magicians into training?!

"You're an asshole. Do I have to be some war refugee to be deserving of this? Was being assaulted part of your special criteria of helpless people who need help? Can't I just be some kid who wants to figure out something when no one else is helping?"

"Your pain is loneliness then? Hardly original."

Alright, fuck this.

"You know what? Fuck you," I said. "I'm sorry that my pain isn't something you can fit into your cookie-cutter charity fantasy. I'm sorry that me being shamed for liking the same gender isn't enough for you. Or that my brain can't understand why everyone could just exist and be happy and work hard while I'm still trying to figure out how to not kill myself. Sorry that I'm the one that has the magic and I'm just not sad enough to turn into some champion. Just fucked up enough that I'll have to deal with it by myself! Fuck you!"

I walked closer and pushed at the orb with my finger. It didn't budge, which made me angrier. I turned away, planning on leaving the room. Because I didn't need some stuck-up globe to tell me if my pain was worthy of guidance or not. 

But when I reached for the doorknob, I felt my hand slipping through. 

"What?" I tried again, but the doorknob remained untouched. When I tried to push at the door, my hand felt solid wood. 

"Let me out!" I shouted. The orb did not respond so I tried to push it. But it still remained unbothered as my hand slipped and I went crashing to the floor. 

"Shit," I cursed. I got to my knees, and saw the orb lower themselves to my eye level. 

"Your pain," it said, "is the unheard."

"The fuck you saying?" I growled as the sting of crashing to the floor and the pain of being dismissed by the being threatened to make my eyes water. 

"The unheard. A common enough pain. But rarely ever felt in such severity."

I looked at the orb in confusion. "What does that mean?"

The being almost sounded *giddy* when it replied.

"It means, that you will have a *very* interesting power indeed."