The sentient coffee blob looked at us, shook a little, then excreted another proof.

Terrence picked up the piece of paper. "Ah. The Matsuda-Johnson conjecture. The thing proved it." He adjusted his glasses and let out a deep sigh. "I worked on this for *years*, you know? It doesn't feel right that some creature just ... poops it out."

In the far corner stood Winona, shaking her head. "It feels wrong. But, I mean--it sort of makes sense."

"Poop!" cried our lab leader. He shook his fists at the fluorescent bulbs above us. "Poop!"

"Right," said Winona. "He digested the information we gave him."

"He?" said Terrence. "How can you call that thing a 'he'?"

The coffee blob stood perfectly still, looking at nothing in particular.

"It's just a *feeling* I'm getting," said Winona.

"Poop!" Our lab leader bashed his head against an unresponsive desk.

"Should we give him a name?" said Terrence.

We looked at him. It squirmed. Then another piece of paper fell out of its rear end.

Our lab leader went straight for it. "Give it to me!" he cried. "This abomination! This ... thing! This ... Wait, what's this? This isn't a proof." He scratched his reddish head for a few seconds. "This looks like a ... recipe."

"Oh! Gimme!" Winona ran over and snatched the paper from our lab leader's hands. "That's mine." She carefully studied the text while nodding. "Just as I suspected."

The blob made some gurgling sounds as we stood waiting for Winona to elaborate.

"Well?" said Terrence.

Winona looked up with a peevish grin. "It looks like we've stumbled upon our way out of here. And it's all thanks to Grok."

"Grok?"

She pointed at the brown blob. "Grok. He groks things. Like in Heinlein's *Stranger in a Strange Land*. While you were all busy writing down conjectures I wrote a simple question: 'How do I make waffles?' And Grok solved it. Because he's a general-purpose problem solver."

We all stared at Grok. He was a bit jittery and turned himself into a puddle.

"So all we have to do is to write 'How can we escape this lab?' on a piece of paper?" asked Terrence.

"And he'll poop out the answer?" our lab leader added.

Winona shrugged. "I don't know. But let's try."

I didn't want to interact socially more than absolutely necessary, but I also didn't want to die. So I shook my head. However, no one saw me doing it. Just like no one saw me accidentally add a cup of coffee into the container for the Bose-Einstein condensate we were studying. The life of a PhD student is tough. You're ground into a pulp every day, like some squished Sisyphus, and every night you have to put yourself back together. And sometimes you fail. You end up a bit wonky. And you make stupid mistakes.

"Here," said our lab leader, handing Winona a rolled-up note. As she began opening it, he said, "N-No. Don't *read* it. Just let him get to work!"

"Ahem," Winona said. "'How to get into Winona's pants?' That's your important question, Mr. Anderson?"

Our lab leader gulped. "My handwriting is bad. You read it wrong."

Even Grok didn't seem to buy it.

Winona tossed the note aside and wrote one herself. She showed it to us: 'How to escape this lab.' Short and to the point.

For a second I wondered whether it might be best to just let them do it. Let them find out how we can escape. Let them doom us all. That way, I don't have to say anything. I won't have to say anything ever again.

Damn. I had to say something. I cleared my throat. "It's better that we stay here."

They all looked over at me, and they seemed surprised. Like they'd forgotten I was here. Locked in a room with them.

"Jeremy," said Terrence, as if making an interesting observation.

"What makes you say that?" said Winona.

I pointed to the string of tags hanging side by side next to the door. There was a small section of it that could detect radiation. It turned black. And the one closest to the door was charcoal while that of the others gradually lessened in their grayness. Indicating, of course, that charged particles were zipping about at killer speeds right outside and that leaving would mean a painful and certain death for all of us.

"Oh," said our lab leader. "I'd forgotten about those. Nice catch, Gerald."

"That doesn't make any sense," said Terrence. "What could've caused it? Didn't the alarm earlier indicate that this was a technical error?"

Before the doors all closed on us, there had, in fact, been an alarm. But it was fairly generic. And it didn't explain why our phones all gave out, did it? I hadn't said anything. And they were too preoccupied experimenting with Grok.

"So ... We just stay here then?" Terrence looked around. Our lab leader blinked and made some vague noises.

"Something wrong, Mr. Anderson?"

"Well ..." Our lab leader scratched the back of his neck. "I finally removed all the snacks you guys have been storing in here. It was driving me crazy. It's not sanitary."

"What?"

"What are we supposed to eat?"

He pointed at Grok. "Why don't you ask him? He supposedly has all the answers."

Grok slurped absentmindedly around in a circle.

If he couldn't help us, we would surely die in there.