"Here's to our new hero! Where he comes from we don't know! But he slew our greatest foe!" Cheered the young man standing atop a long table in the tavern with a raised flagon of ale.

Everyone else in the packed tavern raised their flagons as well all roaring an exuberant hurrah before swigging down their ale. It was a jovial festive atmosphere. The warmly lit wooden inn was alive with song and dance. Merriment filled the air as the townsfolk celebrated with one another at the slaying of their horrible monster. Sitting at the end of the tavern atop a wood carved throne adorned in floral leys and other decorative pieces, the triumphant hero sits unenthused. With his head resting on his hand, the festivities before him were of no interest to him, neither were the droves of townsfolk at his feet drowning him in their thanks and praises. Their tributes of treasures in gratitude did not phase the hero, neither did the pleads from the townswomen to spend the night with him. The hero said no words, he merely lightly shooed them away back to their celebration. Finally one of the townsman corralled the crowd away from the hero, insisting on letting him have his rest. Surely enough they disappeared back into the crowd, leaving the hero ignored on the throne. Several minutes passed before the hero simply got up form his seat and slunk out the back door, leaving behind the riches and wenches.

The muffled sound of music and shouts faintly make it to the ears of our hero whom sits alone by the great lake near the tavern. Sitting in the mud, listening to the small waves gently lapping on the shore, the full moon reflecting off the undulating water. With the entire town in the tavern, the crestfallen hero languished in his solitude; until he heard an old scratchy voice behind him.

"A masked hero!" The old voice creaked.

The hero barely reacting, slowly turning his head to make eye contact with a withered hunchback old man wrapped in a cowl.

"You see my eyes old man, I have no mask. Are you blind?" The hero curtly asked.

"Oh no, son. In fact, I see better then most. In fact, I am the only one who sees the mask; and what is beyond the mask." The strange old man said in a wise tone.

"You speak in riddles? I care not to participate. I wear no mask. Now please, leave me be." The hero coldly replied turning his gaze back towards the river.

"Denial will get you nowhere masked hero. I see the mask you wear that no one else sees. I know this because I have been following your exploits, Iestyn" The old man revealingly said

The hero perked up, he had not told his name to anyone for a long time. He stood up and drew his sword pointing it at the old man who did no flinch. Iestyn demanded to know the old man's identity.

"Oh brave hero, you were in my village many many months ago. You saved us all from the great bog monster without anyone having to ask. The way you threw yourself at it with such recklessness, with such a lack of concern for your own well being had me curious. So I followed you in the shadows. I followed your distinct pattern. Every monster you fight is stronger than the last. Every vengeful spirit you vanquish makes you more chaotic. It is as if  you almost hope that the next fight will be your last." The old man concernedly croaked.

Iestyn's sword slowly lowered, sensing no threat from the crone.

"I see the mask you wear and I see through it. You wore it when you came into this town with your gallantry. You donned a new one when you accepted the thanks and the gold of the townsfolk. You took it off when you came here, but quickly put it back on when you heard my voice." The old man's smugness replaced with sincerity.

The tip of Iestyn's sword was now stuck in the dirt. Iestyn dropped it, letting it land with a thud. His face grimaced, his eyes welling with tears, he averted his gaze towards the ground to avoid the old man's gaze.

"You know nothing of me, old man." Iestyn sniveled.

"I don't know your history. I don't know your story. But I know what I see in front of me. I see pain. A type of pain not cured by salves or medicine. A pain that grows like a cancer within your being. A pain that you think will only end at death." The old man caringly says. He slowly approaches Iestyn who remains silent, the old man sees the tears rolling down his cheeks.

"I know that I can offer you your last fight." The old man whispered.

Iestyn perked up at the old man. He demanded to know more about this fight. The old man simply gestured for Iestyn to follow him, and the two made their way out of the town, leaving the fading sounds of the tavern behind them.

The pair make their way to the old man's camp, set up just on the outskirts of the town. Walking into the tent, Iestyn sits down on the ground, neglecting the many chairs around him. The old man rummages through his belongings, clattering sounds fill the tent as the old man searches. The cluttering stops, the old man slowly rises and turns to Iestyn, holding a potion in his hand. Iestyn asks what the potion is.

"This is the potion that will bring you to your last battle. The final fight you have been looking for." The old man beamed.

Iestyn glared at the old man with uncertainty.

"It's quite safe, if that's what you're wondering." The old man says as he uncaps the phial and takes a sip from it.

"It has no effect on me, for I have already fought this battle, many decades ago." The old man proudly states.

"Tell me of this battle I will fight. What is my opponent?" Iestyn inquires.

"Im afraid that wouldn't be of help. For the fight is different for everyone. I suppose the best description I could give is...you will fight a demon of extraordinary power.

At the mention of the opponent, Iestyn leaps to his feet and snatches the bottle from the old man's hand and proceeds to drink all of it. Upon finishing it he tosses it on the ground shattering it to pieces.

"How characteristic." The old man grumbles.

"Now show me where this demon is. This potion unveils its invisibility? It will help me detect it?" Iestyn eagerly questions as he draws his sword in anticipation.

"To fight this demon, all you need do is walk out of my tent." the old man ominously said lifting his wrinkled hand pointing it towards the exit.

Iestyn turns and bursts out of the tent ready to fight but his spirit quickly drains from him. After stepping out of the tent, all Iestyn sees is a black void in front of him. The ground, the sky, all pitch black, a never-ending nothingness. Iestyn quickly whips around to find the tent again but it was gone, only eternal blackness. Iestyn turned in all directions, he could his sword, his arms, yet there was no light emanating from anywhere. He felt his feet on solid ground but it had no form, only blackness. Frightened and wary, Iestyn slowly paces forward holding his sword at the ready. He probes the air searching for any type of matter to come in contact with. There is no sound, no smell, no sight, only the endless void.

"I see, you have finally come to slay me." echoed an insidious voice seemingly from nowhere.

Iestyn whipped around to find the voice, he looked in all directions but found nothing. Silence took hold of the void again.

"You fool. You've searched for me in all of the monsters you have slain. You look for me in all the wrong places." the eerie voice echoed louder.

Iestyn now erratically moves his head in all directions hoping to find the phantom.

"You fight powerful beings, hoping for them to destroy you. Hoping that in each fight you will be delivered to a void like this. But you would still never be free of me." The echoes grew louder as if right behind Iestyn. Iestyn worriedly darts his head and sword around, trying to catch the elusive voice. The voice begins to laugh.

"All this time, you searched far and wide to find me. But you forgot one crucial place to look." The devious voice echoed into Iestyn's ear.

Iestyn violently turned, holding his sword at the ready. What Iestyn saw chilled him to the bone. Standing at the opposite end of his blade Iestyn saw himself. An almost carbon copy, light blue eyed, long flowing black hair, the scar on his left cheek, and clad in the very armor he now wears.

"The only place you didn't to look...was within!" Iestyn's doppelganger growled.