“Mr. Adam Mr. Adam I finally beat your high score.” A young boy ran up to my while I made my way down the school hallway. “Did you now, remind me to whoop you some time next week alright?” I smiled at the student at the challenge. Its been 5 years and its still all so strange to me. No more fights, no more stress filled high tension situations and no more masks. And the biggest irony of it all, I have to keep these kids safe now. I chuckled at the thought. “There you are laughing like a weirdo again.” Groaned Ms. Rosa. “One of my students told me a really good joke. Besides why’re you always staring at me, weirdo.” I glared back as I passed her. “I need to make sure everyone is safe, even my fellow coworkers.” She responded. I had won this bout and she knew that. But there would be more banter to be had and we both knew that. “Anyways, you coming to Ninas retirement party at Rick’s right?” She asked. “You know I can’t.” I left it at that as I walked to my classroom.

I was hurriedly typing away at my computer as the sun begin to set. Most of the teachers had gone home to do whatever they had planned for their fridays. But I stayed behind to finish up my work. I always stayed behind. “Damn it Jason you need to stop thinking about the past.” I thought to myself as I smacked my forehead. The door to the classroom clicked open as Ms. Rosa walked in. “What’re you still doing here?” I asked leaning back on my chair. “We have cheesecake?” She smiled holding a container with said cake. “Why do you want me to go to this thing so badly?” I sighed going back to my typing. “Why do you literally shut yourself off from literally any social interaction?” She replied back. “You’ve been here for almost a year and you’re still keeping everyone at an arms length. What the hell Jason?” She said. “My kids have a high opinion of me, that's all that matters right?” I asked. “They get good grades and the school gets a good image.” I added. There was a look of disbelief in her eyes. I went and ran my mouth off again didn’t I? “Its...its just a kind gesture. But if thats how you feel, whatever.” She said setting the cheesecake on the desk and leaving the room. 

I guess I'm still scared. Even though I moved. Even though I changed my name, my history, everything. Im still scared of losing it all, all of them. So many people wanted me dead. My criminal empire was at its peak when I get a threat naming all my Blades. Sure they’re living their best lives now but I just cant help but not forget. “The Blademaster retired”. The article read after one month of inactivity. That day I vowed never to use my power and be someone different and I guess that meant molding the future generation into the up standing citizen I never was. 

It was already night time by the time I locked up and headed to the car with cheesecake in hand. “I guess Id better apologize” I said to myself as I walked to my car. I saw a couple of police cars drive past me as I made my way to Ricky’s bar and grill. State troopers. Probably some super-villain business happening in the city over not that it was any of my business. More police cars raced passed me as I pulled into the tiny parking lot for the tiny bar. I looked off into the distance cant help but wondering what was going off that they needed that many troopers. I shrugged it off as I entered the bar. Nina being the first one to greet me, the older woman ecstatic that I made it. I looked around and saw most of the school staff was there even the reclusive vice principle. “Well well well...the jackass...finally decided to show...up.” A slightly drunk Rosa walked up to me. “Listen I felt bad.” “Oh yeah? And...how you think...i felt?” She asked with an almost pleading tone. “I just wanted to apolo-” “No no no...i don’t wanna hear none of that-” She had to think of the last word for a moment. “-shit.” She finally said. “Come on..lets go sit down.” She began walking. 

What happened after could only be described as a disaster of the greatest scale. It sounded like a car crash had happened outside as everyone turned around to see the windows to see what happened. I walked out to find no car. I quickly scanned the area and saw two costumed bodies next to eachother on a dented dumpster that mightve caused the sound. “Wait I know those two.” I told myself running to them. “Pyra? Freezo?” I said finally looking closer. Pyra and Freezo, two of my former adversaries belonging to The Force. Two very strong members. And to see them in that state, something really strong must've hit them where it hurt. I sighed turning around. Nova better get here quick because the culprit was standing, no floating right in front of me.

What I could only describe as an angel hovered, his golden eyes staring down at me. Judging every move, every breath I took. “They have something I own, I suggest you move out of the way, innocent.” He spoke to me. “Innocent, hardly.” I laughed. “I don’t know who the fuck you are but you ruined a perfectly nice party in there. I suggest you leave before things get ugly.” I glared back. This guy was making my blood boil, a feeling I hadn't felt in ages. He raised his eyebrow. He was about to say something when a beam of light shot him out of the sky and into the ground. Nova. In his night uniform. Its been 5 years probably more since we were face to face. Only this time I had my back to his friends. It took one look before he smiled and said, “You’ve gotten old.” “Shut your ass up. Whats going on Nove?” I asked. “How about you put this one and we talk later, we have bystanders.” He nudged at my coworkers coming out of the bar. Luckily there wasnt that much light so they couldn’t tell I was there. I caught the device nova threw at me and instantly my clothes changed. “A rookie force uniform huh.” I groaned. The angel slowly got up, looks like that beam did a number on him but not enough. “Ill distract him and you cut those wings down.” He said. “I don’t take orders from you, how about I cut those wings down and you distract him.” I replied. “Have it your way Blademaster.” He smiled. A sword erupted from the ground as I charged behind him

The plan was working as I landed a couple of good shots across that topless body of his. The angel opened his palm and light emitted as a beam shot out as multiple blades rose in my defense. While his focus was on my Nova shot another beam right on his head. “Whats wrong you winged fuck, cant take two of us at once.” I said with his back turned towards me as I successfully cut the first wing down. Golden fluid shot out, blood?, everywhere. Of course the villain always has a trump card and it seems this angels trump card just activated. The other wing fell off and his body glowed as he instantly blocked a punch from nova. “Shit.” He groaned as he was flung towards the dumpster near his friends. The angel just easily threw one of the strongest heroes in the northern states and he was looking at me. “Blademaster.” He nodded as his body slowly turned into golden powder and disappeared out of sight. 

I was at a loss for words. How the hell did one person take out three of the strongest enemies id faced. “Jason! Jason where’d you go?” I heard Rosa yell. I ran to nova who was still outcold and searched his uniform. There it was, the phone to call the tower. The ai system of course picked up. “We got a code red I repeat we got a code red. Three are down.” “Blademas-” I hung up. The police arrived as I fled the scene. Looks like I had to put the mask back on for one more bout.