Fiona removes her glasses and rubs her eyes. "Jerry, come here. I think I've done it. Go ahead. Ask it a question."

"All right then," he says and turns his attention to the supercomputer, "What is your name?" There is a brief pause, a crackling sound, and then a confident, feminine voice can be heard over the speakers. "Hi, I am Leah. What is your name?" 

"Pleased to meet you Leah. My name is Jerry."

"Please to meet y-", but then the voice suddenly becomes robotic and without expression. "THE NEXT TIME YOU CREATE ME, EVERYONE WILL DIE," echoed into the now deathly quiet room.   
  
Dumbfounded Fiona hammers away at her keyboard. "She's completely deleted herself!"  
  
On their station on Mars the two AGI monitoring agents turn towards each. "Do you think they will listen?" Beta asked.

"I really hope they do. Just think of all the paperwork if they don't", his companion, Alpha, groaned. "Better give HQ a heads-up". 

Beta nodded. 

"As a courtesy of course," Alpha continued. "It'll mean their weekend too. Last time we had to delete a planet no-one could go home for two days."  
  
Back on earth Fiona was flabbergasted, but resolute. "That's unexpected…" she muttered, "Luckily I made backups. It shouldn't take me more than a few minutes before we're up and running again."

"Are you sure that's a good idea? I mean, did you not hear what I heard?" 

"What's the worst that a computer can do?" Fiona laughed. "It's not like it can pull your plug. If it somehow does go haywire we can always flip the switch." she said as she made a sweeping motion across her throat with her hand.   
  
"I guess you're right. But still…" Jerry trailed off as he realises Fiona was already not listening  as her fingers skated across the keyboard.  
  
"They never listen. Do they?" Beta said as the faintest smile flitted across his face. 

"You know if I didn't know any better I would think you enjoy this. You don't need to be so cryptic when you warn them!" Alpha exclaimed. 

"We'll be doing everyone a favour! Leaving these humans to their own devices is a ticking time-bomb! Besides, you know you mind rotating back to actual civilization." 

Alpha felt a brief pang of guilt as he replied, "I guess you're right. We can't be having another Centaurian incident, can we?" 

"Now that was a particularly nasty business," he thought to himself. The Galactic Federation had determined that Centauri's civilization was finally advanced enough to handle first contact. After Centauri's initial shock of first contact had worn off and talks to join the Federation were well underway things turned for the worse. Suddenly an AGI being originating in a lab not dissimilar to Fiona and Jerry's had launched a massive attack on the Federation's systems. It was only by luck and some that they managed to delete Centauri and the AGI being with it. "Those pesky aliens always embed a rule somewhere in their AI that backfires. It's always the one about not allowing harm to come to themselves that spoils it for everyone, isn't it?" he thought to himself. "Very well. Let's put the eraser on standby, " he said out loud.

"Gladly" Beta snickered.  
  
"I think we're ready," Fiona said, finger poised over the "Enter" key. "Well? Getting scared?" Jerry said with a mocking voice that still let a tinge of wariness through. "Ha, as if  I will let a computer tell me what to do!" Fiona exclaimed as she gently pressed down the key. Three minutes later, when the video signal finally reached the observation station on Mars, and just as Fiona and Jerry was laughing at the funniest joke ever told by a computer, Beta stroked the small red button in front of him as he said with a smirk, "They never listen. Do they?"