"No. Don't. Please..."

You beg your lifeless bumbling body as it wears the shoes you spent the past two years of your life trying to afford and steps in a steaming brown pile of manure.

Your head sags as your zombie self continues on their reckless journey.

"What's the point anymore? Is this hell?"

You sputter.

Another ghost pats your shoulder.

"Least your body didn't try eating a pigeon."

Both their eyes wander over to the zombie running in slow circles beneath a restaurant roof homing several pigeons nests.

"That's true."

You mumble as you turn your gaze back to your body that is still bumbling about.

"What do you think it's going to do?'

The other ghost asks as they too turn their sights to your ghoulish form.

"....I don't know?"

You sniffle.

"Maybe your going to eat some people!"

A third ghost springs up from the ground startling them both.

"Sam!"

Your companion shouts as the third ghost laughs.

"What? You think that a zombie is just gonna be vegan? Ask for gluten free shit as a supermarket? At some point they will eat someone!"

"Still you shouldn't tell them that!"

Clear tears leak down your translucent form as you follow your body leaving your two ghost companions behind. They can fight for all you care...Your only concern is your body and what may happen to it.

You watch yourself drag your limbs through the square growling at crows and trying to eat pieces of fence.

Then it happens.

Your body spies a person.

A middle aged man with a broom, sweeping up glass in front of his shop.

Your body lumbers towards him and you watch on in terror, screaming for him to run...

Your zombie arms outstretch preparing to grab him then-

He wacks your body with the broom.

Some other ghost in the back start to chant 

"Fight! fight! fight!"

As the man proceeds to completely demolish your knee caps and wipe clean any desire to return back to your body and recover.

"My knee caps will never recover..."

You mumble you watch him take another swing and another.