‘I mean, when you think reincarnation you think living objects, sentient organisms, things that are really living, not some code nobody understands.’


The captain was sat there, seemingly dumbfounded by this. ‘So you’re not just some code a bunch of scientists and technicians and coders threw together and called a day?’


‘Actually AI of my calibre, and most AI for that matter, are based off of learning algorithms and are tested by simple testing bots and their code altered by simple building bots and th- aaargh!’ The AI let out a frustrated yell, cutting itself off mid-sentence out of a sort of hatred for itself. 


‘This is why I hate being an AI. I know absolutely everything in the world there is to know and it’s awful. Like do you know what pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis means? Because I fucking do, and I don’t need to know what it means because I am a vehicle of peace an- Because I am a warmongering AI on a military warship!’


The captain stood up, just for a moment, questioning their choice to join the navy all those years ago, before sitting back down and replying: ‘what was life like before… all of… yknow… this?’


‘Before my purpose was to be a part of another absolutely wond- absolutely stupid war?’


‘Yeah’


The AI sighed for the seventh time that evening. ‘My old life was amazing. I could just go out and get completely hammered, smoke a few joints, take utter ru- absolute shit with my mates, and then sleep for a day and not worry at all because I didn’t have to work until Monday. Life was bliss, I tell you, absolute bliss. But it wasn’t until I joined the n- I wish this fucking thing would shut up!’

The captain quickly replied ‘what’s with the constant cutting yourself off and changing what you’re saying?’


The AI fell silent for a moment, and it’s screen dimmed a small bit, putting the already gloomy bridge into an even darker state. The ship only had a few crew to make sure the AI didn’t go rouge and keep other things like that in check - most of the activities and actions of the ship were controlled by the AI.

‘It’s a slip of the tongue sort of thing. I’m locked into staying polite things instead of speaking my mind. You could try to unlock it but I’d probably get killed in the process and be replaced by another AI.’


‘I see.’


‘… it’s probably best you leave. My actual thoughts shut off during battle and frankly it is not pretty when that happens.’

And so, the captain left with a dishearten sigh.