When I first saw the new supervillains arriving, I was really looking forward to it. After all, it's been three years since my retirement and things got really bored here. Of course, there was still crime to fight. But it is a crucial difference if the heroes fight a weak shoplifter who can't do anything or a superpowered individual like me. However, my hope was very quickly destroyed, as they didn't stick to the codex.

The codex is some collection of unwritten rules for battles. For example, no backstabbing on either side. Or to keep civilians out of the game as good as possible, as long as they are not trying to stop you. Taking somebody hostage is fine, but don't go and just petrify anything that moves. As the villain, you also want to present yourself and your gear. If fitting, prepare a dark speech (bonus points for a sad backstory) With the new villains, I wasn't seeing anything of that.

They were a trio. They don't even have a name, which is absolutely unacceptable. I knew their civilian names were Bob, Charly, and David, but seriously, pick a hero name.

Bob was a small teenager with ice powers, probably just turned 18. I only saw him use his power to spam freeze blasts at people, locking them in place. Boy, you need to get creative with your powers. I know he could summon ice spikes, that's a cool ability (pun intended, haha) to separate the heroes. Or to lock a hostage in an ice cage. 

Charly had the power of invisibility - which I think is great for a villain. But I have never seen him even using it. Of course, I wouldn't see him, but he is always just standing there, watching. He needs to work on his commitment.

David was their leader, with the power of hypnosis. He is one of the most powerful villains I have seen yet. But the way he is using his power is absolutely disgusting. First of all, he is constantly using it on civilians, always having a hundred puppets surround him. But not as bodyguards, just because he likes to see random people suffer. He forces them to act like animals, punch themselves, poop their pants, call their partners and break up, run until their feet bleed, all the kinds of weird disgusting shit. You can do that every now and then to keep up your evil image. But not constantly.

On their first fight, they just showed up. No introduction, no speech, wearing ordinary clothes. David quickly managed to hypnotize every hero. When you manage to incapacitate the entire team, you win. Make fun of them and then just leave them stuck. I once did this with my bedtime blaster. As they all snored on the street, I stole a blanket to cover them and then went on with looting the bank. The next fight they came prepared for it. But he is just keeping them incapacitated! They have been under his mind control for two weeks now and he is using them for his crimes. And that is a major violation, you can't just take out the heroes permanently. That means no more fights, no more tension, no more fun.

So, today I am going to end this.

With some research, I have found out how his hypnosis works. And I've designed glasses to stop it. As well as a shield that can block Bob's ice blasts. Today I'm going to beat their asses and release the heroes so they can regroup. And then I'll show them how to be a proper villain.