"Angelica, pull the trigger..."

A man's body dropped and it immediately began to sink into the black and white ceramic floor. He squirmed in pain, trying to cover the wound in his head as the ground swallowed him.  Soon, he was just bits of greasy hair which stuck out from the tiles. The girl, teary eyed, dropped the gun and ran as far as she could from the building...

"The investigation on the mysterious disappearance of Roberto Castillo, the former CEO of Canasta S.A. is ongoing. Reports say that he was last seen entering a local hospital with an unidentified woman..." A cute reporter talked about the case on tv while the man's portrait was shown in the background. Two men sat in an empty bar. The older of the two, a fisherman, was very disturbed by the case on tv.

"I'm tellin ya, Mikey. He disrespected the sea and *it* has come back to bite em..."

"Doyle, that's a load of bullshit and you know it. Dude was involved with dangerous men and paid the price for it. No one makes this much money on stupid salt."

Doyle pondered for a moment as he took a shot from his glass.

"Oh he was, but there are things, that no matter how much power you get. You do not disrespect em. I'm runnin far away from here, Michael. I'm done with this company and you should do the same."

"You know I need the money..."

"This is not worth the money, or your life! This sea is cursed! Cursed I tell ya!"

The two men were interrupted by someone kicking the door open. He was covered in blood and had a makeshift tourniquet stopping the bleeding from his missing forearm. He struggled to yell at them as he hyperventilated.

"Help! Guys, the salt farm. We were out... Out at sea with the other guys and... And... Come quick!"

"Jesus Christ, Jason! What in the hell happened to you?" Michael dropped his drink and Doyle crossed himself and began reciting prayers beneath his breath.

A great sand storm had formed around them. Jason guided the two to his truck and drove them to the beach. Doyle was still not saying a thing, he was too shocked by what was going on. So Michael asked further.

"Jason, what the hell is going on? Where are you taking us?"

"To the... The salt farm, dude. The old man, he called it *the lady of the sea.* David and Carlos are dead, man! They're dead!" He was shivering and had difficulty seeing through the cloud of sand as he drove.

"You better be joking! What even happened?"

"It just appeared, man..."

"Look out!" Michael interrupted him, but it was too late. They crashed into a person standing in the middle of the road, obscured by the storm.

"Oh... No no no no no..."

"Jason, calm down! Just... Help me take a look at that guy!" The three of them got out of the car to check on the person, only to find them half sunken in the pavement. Their blood drained from their faces and they got back inside. Jason took a moment to scream his lungs out, startling the other two, but they did nothing to stop him.

"We have to put the salt back..." Doyle muttered.

"Say that again."

"The salt, we have to put it back in the sea!"