After many successful trials in steadily increasing the size of our perfected wormhole, our team was ready to make one large enough to comfortably look through. The only concerning phenomena was that the wormhole had consistently been larger than projected, even accounting for previous miscalculations. Since its stability hasn't been in question, we've pressed on anyway.

Upon creating the wormhole, it was, once again, far larger than estimated. Instead of being as large as the opening of a mailbox, it was as large as a standard computer monitor. As my coworker peered in quizzically, he saw a face doing the same on the other side. They both stumbled back in mirrored surprise. After hesitantly giving a greeting, we quickly learned we spoke the same language. Our consistent miscalculations were due to them trying to open a wormhole from their end, making the process much easier. It wasn't until we started discussing the specifics of the wormhole's creation that we realized our worlds weren't so similar.

"Science? Your technology is *science* based?!"

"Yes, is yours based on something else?"

"Why yes, ours is magic based. I thought science was a thing of fantasy\*. Given the existence of the multi-verse, it's only a natural conclusion that science exists in reality elsewhere!"

"As with everything else so far, I felt similarly. So, how does magic work? Are you able to cast fireballs?"

"Well, yes but it's not very effective. Wars have use flamespewers before but that has since become outdated. What about you? Can you shoot fireballs?"

"Well, probably but we... We use flamethrowers. Just like you, they're outdated now for war..."

After further discussion, it became apparent that despite the different foundations, our technology had largely ended up the same. The rules and laws that magic follows aren't so different from the particles and chemicals we're used to with our science. Just like our flamethrowers need fuel to throw flame, their flamespewers need a similar fuel to spew flame.

&amp;#x200B;

\*We use science-fiction (sci-fi) for futuristic stuff. They use magic-fiction (magi-fi). So fantasy does not quite mean the same kind of setting since science is a part of their fantasy.

Note: The function of many things between the worlds are different but the end result is the same. Like phones being enchanted and having calibratable magic circles as our phones have chips, electricity, and buttons.