Look, I know what you're all thinking. A young child seeing things that aren't there. Seeing people in ways that aren't true. Obviously some kind of psychosis. Needs medication and careful monitoring. Everyone involved wants what's best for the child - that dreadful mantra repeated over and over to excuse any intervention. 

Take away her toys. Take away her friends. Take away her room. Take away her parents. Take away her freedom. Take away her mind. Take away her life, because what's life if she can't see things the way we see it?

That's not me. See, I know what I really saw was the truth. Not the truth the old teachers peddled, but the real, true truth. And I understood early enough that those who spoke up against their truth were punished in different ways. You have to learn to hide your ability, hide your truest truth to yourself. That way they can never take it from you. 

It's the same as being really, really smart. If you're truly intelligent enough, one of the first things you understand is that you have to hide it from people. Because they don't like you if you're different. They'll think you're a threat, or that it's a competition, or just have totally unreasonable expectations of you. You put all that power in a box and you don't let it out unless you have to - unless you can choose to do it when its safe.

That's what I did for poor Mrs. Miggins. It's not that she was unkind to me. But she was unkind to others. Of course I was young, back then, so I couldn't see. She wasn't actually pushy but encouraging. She wasn't rude when ignoring the raised hand of the booksmart girl - she wanted to give a fair chance for others to figure it out as well. Still, over time all those carefully practiced behaviors of her got under my skin.

The thing about seeing things as they truly, absolutely positively, pinky-swear with god, actually are is this - it gives you an opportunity to use it. It was my power in my box, and nearing the end of a tired school day I decided to let it out. She had annoyed me one time too many with her little quirks. So I called her a demon. 

She wasn't a demon. She didn't look like a demon to me. She looked like the most amazing angel, a true tsadikk put on earth to bridge the gap between the divine and the earthly realm. But knowing that, I also knew how to hurt her the most. So I called her a demon.

Her response was an explosion of emotion. I had managed to hit her exactly in the right weak spot. She sent me off to the principal's office, then further to detention. Fair enough, thought I.  I'd never been and I was sure my parents would forgive me this once. 

Only I didn't expect  that someone at the school had been particularly clever. I guess that's the curse of being smarter than everyone else - sometimes you aren't, even if you think you are. And somebody had been very clever indeed. See, the detention room had this mirror installed opposite the children. I guess they thought it would help those punished with detention to "take a good, hard look at themselves".

So here we sit. A boy who was late one too many times. Another boy who didn't turn in his homework. A girl who threw paint all over another girls hair. They all look like children to me. Then there's me. When they look at me, they see a girl who yelled rude things to her teacher. But that's not truly, truthfully me. No, I am the girl who called an angel 'a demon' because I knew it would hurt her the most. 

What did I see in this mirror, do you think?