I watched the little tree that I planted quickly grew to a giant. It was such a beautiful sight, how the rest of the world could destroy something so precious?


"Planting again, Pan? Why do you even call yourself a hero if you never fight crime?"- Oh great, he's here... Just wonderful.

"Hi, Superpunch." I looked to the floating prick briefly with a look of disgust and immediately went back to my work.

"C'mon, you could at least talk a little." 

"I could, i also could grow the tree you just step so it impales your foot."

"Good luck trying to do that, considering how much your power sucks, I probably die of old age first. Let's be honest here you just got your hero license because we needed a gardner. "-Talking all this shit while in the middle of a forest with me. He has a lot of luck attacking other heroes makes you lose your license. 


"I can be weak, but at least I'm not a idiot that thinks violence is the only way to help the world." - After that I stopped and started working again. He left angry at me for not giving him attention, not without hitting a conveniently placed branch. 

Heroes, all of them are attention seekers, drunk on the media coverage and their fans adoration. But I don't blame them sometimes I also wish for fame. If my powers were a bit better maybe I would be just like them when I was a young super, I wish I could have better powers with my current knowledge because while speeding a little the growth of plants helps I would be able to do way more if I could grown  them faster or control animals.

Finally, the work here is done I thanked the volunteers  who helped me and went home. 
When I got there my two cats were waiting me at the door...what? Why are they here? They never done this before. 
They walked and waited expecting me to follow, so I followed them to the living room. WHAT THE HECK! My potted plants conquered the entire room there was not even one spot without green, then it dawned upon me it wasn't my room it didn't even had the same structure that my living room had. Nope, I'm not dealing with this today. I went to the door but it simply disappeared, a woman dressed in green was there instead. 
"Really, you chose the goat instead of me for your hero name?" - she said displeased. Gods, it can't be her.
"Since you helped me a lot, I will let that slide." - My mouth was wide open, she gently made me a signal to close it. 
"d-d-Demeter!?"- I was barelly able to speak so in my attempt to ask her why she wanted to see me that was all that came out of my mouth. 
"Correct! I am very pleased by your work so I want to give you a blessing!" - She quickly grabbed my hands and suddenly I felt a wave of power wash through me. 
"Ok! Bye, keep working hard!" She said happilly and in a matter of seconds I was back at my house. 

Good, now what do I do? I look at my TV, Superpunch is making a interview, his face still red because of the branch. Since I'm just a gardner, his garden would make a very good traning ground for my new powers.