"Will you be attending the ceremony that the Whimmies are holding in our honor your highness? asked the high priestess.  It would mean a whole lot to them if we show up even if just for a brief moment. It is thanks to them that your highness is able to maintain the battery of the luxurious aquarium active. Thus keeping your greatness' vast society of fish alive and healthy."

"Put it on my to do list Thena, commanded the god. Why do the Whimmies persist on me attending  every single one of their pointless ceremonies. Are they not aware that I have a kingdom to run. One day I am going to invent a hologram machine just so I can appease my fanatics while enjoying the benefits from my throne."

The kings sat apathetically in his chair. A look of concentration and carelessness rested on his face. The high priestess approached the God with the upmost gracefulness.

"That is great news your highness! exclaimed the priestess. I will reply to the mayor Of Whim at once. I will let them know of all the requirements that must be met to ensure your presence at the event. Would you like to requests any special items in the list of accommodations that will be sent to the Whimmies. I understand one of the guards almost lost their heads because there were no blue Gatorades at the last ceremony you attended.

The god let out a hearty laugh and almost tipped his entire throne over.

"I remember the incident differently but alas make sure that my headquarters are filled with the raspberry flavored beverage. That is the only flavored suited for a king."

"Very well your highness, replied the priestess. 

The high priestess exited the god's lair and the god remained seating with only his thoughts to accompany his mightiness.

I wonder how the Whimmies would react if they found out that  the meaning their entire existence was to keep the batteries running inside my aquariums motor. Would they all go mad with the possible restlessness produced by their reality? Or would they thrive and come together as a species unified by the same struggle? 

The god tried his best to enjoy his throne. He was contemplating going out and exploring his kingdom when he heard a loud knock on the door.

"Brother! exclaimed a loud and thunderous voice. Open the door or by the heavens I will strike the barrier down." 

The god stood up from his throne and apathetically made his way to test the hinges of the door. The god was pleased to see that the hinges remained unscathed. The door swung open nearly swiping the apathetic god. The door summoned an identical creature who few would question as the heir to the throne.

"Listen Tony, pleaded the heavily bearded man. You must not attend the ceremony that the those conniving whimmies have set up in your name. I heard from a trusted source that those ungrateful whimmies plan to assassinate you upon delivering your speech. Brother i am not ready to fill the shoes of such a virtuous man as yourself. Please Brother i beg you to reconsider your trip to Whim. Or at the very least obliterate their entire society with a simple discarding of their source."

The god remained apathetic. He stared at the despair leaking from his brother's presence. 

"I am offended Toluc, expressed the ambient being. Not by the Whimmies' futile attempt at my life but by how much faith you have in my ability to foresee future miss-happenings. I have survived all the shots they have fired at my life and I plan to continue living all the way past the extinguishing of Zorodo."

"Brother I admire your faith in your ability to fool the Whimmies, admitted the younger sibling. But brother I plead that you don't  take the Whimmies lightly. a paid informant has notified me that they have reached the next level in their enlightenment and it will not be very long until they are able to transverse through dimensions like you and I. Then there will be very little that separates us from them.

"I appreciate your worry  Toluc but the day where I hide from my would be opponents has yet to arrive, announced the divine figure. And I intend to remain grounded. If it would ease your mind I can share some of the things I have invented over the years to ensure my safety in an attempt at my life.

The god opened up his wardrobe and pressed a button that revealed a hidden compartment built within its borders. Inside the compartment there were many gadgets and different kinds of suits. 

These are the Suits that our ancestors have left for us to build upon if need be Toluc. I could be punished with exile for letting anyone know that the suits are not mere myth.

The slightly shorter but just as commendable sibling stared in awe as he tried to enter the wardrobe's hidden compartments.

I beg your pardon Brother but these chambers are only accessible to me, explained the heavenly figure. I have made sure that if anybody with a different retina than the one i possess dared to enter the chamber of secrets their entire DNA Structure would be instantly disconfigured. Thus turning the unlucky being in a gelatinous puddle of goo.

The apathetic god entered the chamber and proceeded only when all the safety procedures were met. He approached a sleek purple and gold suit. He Took his time admiring its immaculate figure. He removed the suit from behind the glass and commenced to enter its fitting. After the suit was evenly distributed throughout the god's perfectly chiseled body the divine figure commenced to mess with the suit's settings. He pushed a button and a identical twin spawned out of thin air wearing the same exact thing as the ruler.

"I hope your pay suffices your informant's lust for duty, declared the master. Because if my clone gets assassinated that would mean he was doing his job and I would have to save him from his race's extinction."