It had been doomed from the start. We all knew it. It didn’t matter. This was a cause worth dying for. An eternal struggle that needed to be fueled.  
  
Mire-rats swarmed in the cells, picking apart the weak and starving. The rains dripped in through the towering rock, blasting us with filth and debis. We’d been left here for weeks, a torture of abscence, left to go without food, water, and worldly comfort. We wouldn’t break though, no matter what the pig-blooded royals did to us. The blow had been struck. That was all we needed. So I thought.  
  
Then, when I was half-eaten by the insect-crabs and delirious from no nourishment but rainwater, then she came. Stalking the black grime of the halls like the monster she was. She didn’t come to me first, no, but rather, to each of my half-mad comrades, who had long reached their breaking point. I was the only one left with wits.  
  
Through the bars she swept, her ghouls behind her with faces obscured by black pirate-steel. Her dress was an immaculate blue. It turned away vermin and bilgewater. Her eyes were that same sparkling azure, piercing as spears. Her tiara was black pearl and onyx. Her face was cold rock.  
  
“Will you confess? None of your companions are left in a presentable manner, your leader is dead and hanged. The rest will wish to share such fates as this.” She spoke as if it was a matter-of-fact, that there was no hope. I spit at her smooth face. It did not reach her.  
  
She seemed unbothered. “Twenty have died since your spectacle in the market-square. Many more will soon. Spare them and confess. The Holy Kingdom will not be as fair as I if they must arbitrate, I can assure you that.” I wheezed out a laugh. “What fairness is there for us, puppet-girl? Afraid th-they’ll cut your strings?” My voice croaked as I sneered in defiance. “No. I am never in danger.” She smiled, honest to the Stars, she smiled at me, the wench. “But you are. You all are. My subjects, the innocent who live and breathe here are. You decided to throw down the gauntlet, to provoke a nest of reef-snakes. Now others will suffer for it. Do you not care for them?” There was a dangerous tone to her voice now, finally she showed emotion beyond the ever-present contempt of royals. I kept my chin raised. “Where we fall, others will rise. You need us. They can’t break us all.”  
  
Then, exasperation. “Why, pray tell? Hmm?” The smile strained. “Have we not been just? Has the trade not been plentiful? Have homes gone bare, have the people been found wanting? Why? Why have you brought this doom to them?” She leaned in. If my manacles could come free, I would have strangled her. “They told me that if I can’t break the rebellion, they will do it for me. You think the Dilution was a grievance? They will take you all and hang you, need be damned. Men, women, and children will suffer unspeakable torments because of this. I beg thee, confess.” She withdrew as I strained at the cuffs, my frail wrists bled.  
  
“If not upon paper for thy crimes, at least to myself of why. What could be worth this monster you bring upon the innocent?” Finally. Finally, a chance. I grit my teeth and smiled. “What freedom is there in this land, puppet? Everyone knows the Blue-Men control you. You claim the Dilution a grievance? You claim us as ‘your innocent people’? No. We are free men. Free! Men! Free to choose who we wish to follow, to where the waters take us. We chose freedom. Three times now, to split from their rotten evil. From that Bastard Star that despises us! And you refuse. Because you are a coward.”  
  
Her expression seemed to melt. It was a calm glassy pool, reflecting back onto me. I didn’t care. “You were given every opportunity to split from their dominion. To make this land a Kingdom, tried and true! We each would have followed a Queen who fought for us, not simply complained and advocated, but fought! The price of freedom is blood, and you refuse to pay it. So we will, each and every one of us.”  
  
She quieted a moment. Water dripped into the cell. She let out a sigh. “Guards. Bring these men food and water. Have a private healer requisitioned to tend to their madness and wounds.” There was a pause, the guards confused. She snapped her fingers, and off they went. A swell in my stomach told me I had won. She was going to butter us up now. Try to get us on her side.  
  
“Choose where the waters take you, you said?” She removed her gloves. “And pray tell, what waters would you choose, would-be revolutionary?” My heart sped up a bit, but before I could answer- “You forget something very important, my former subject. These waters, the ones you were born in? Are owned. They are not free, and neither are you. But-” There was a measure of venom in her voice as she said it. “There is a place where the freedom you so desire resides. You and your friends will do well in exile to the Drowned Tomorrow, as will all who ally to your cause.” A cold hand gripped my heart as she leaned in, close enough to bite me.   
  
“A bastard God it may be, but it is still just that. A God. And you will get to see what the world is without it, that I promise to you, murderer.” I felt her press a cold hand to my chest, withdraw it. Where she touched me, a web of white broke out across my chest. A tattoo in white, sunk into flesh. Star-branded. I looked up to her, her eyes a shadow of onyx. “No man is free. No Kingdom is free. No rular is free. Not here, not anywhere.” She turned away from me. All at once, the weeks of hunger and thirst seemed like a haven, the punishment before me a living hell. “And the choices you made strangle each of them further. I know this more than you. Never again will you exercise a right ungiven in my lands.”  
  
The chamber door shut, wails of the forlorn echoing through as she stalked away, men averting themselves from her gaze. “Perhaps I have been too lenient. Forgive me for that at least.”