The cold air of the early winter morning slid into my house. It was freezing, and with the shivers that woke me up, I walked cautiously towards the same place I visited to shower every morning. I was done rather quickly and I walked around to figure out what I could try today, as the misery didn't look like it was going to end anytime soon.

I had breakfast, but the little time I had before the events that had become my daily ocurrence didn't allow me to get much into my system.

"Let's go buddy, time to walk."

He always listened to me, and despite how old we both were, he had enough energy to trot along with me as we got through the day. I went to work with him as I did every single day, but I was tired of spending every waking moment not only in what felt like a loop, but doing the same exact thing.

&amp;#x200B;

The day went the same way, I somehow waited for it to change. It wouldn't, so I took drastic action. That day, instead of staying on my work as I always did, I walked towards the restaurant I had lunch by, yet I wasn't welcome once again, because of my dog and his shaggy appearance, they claimed. I wouldn't take it today, so I sneaked in the backdoor.

All it took was a a single push into the worker's chest for the warm crimson liquid to pour. *Warm*...

"Don't lick me boy, it's not sanitary to lick this type of thing, hm."

"Who's there?"

I ran away, escaping from the storage space that I had walked into, carrying with me enough food to eat for at least a week. As we ate and fed ourselves so much that we were on a permanent verge to throw up, to be sick... The police arrived. It didn't matter to me, and I resisted, there was no one to take care of Dirtball if I was gone.

The hits from the baton had made my bleed, and as I drifted into unconsciouness, I saw my only friend lunge into a cops' neck, ignoring that I told him not to drink or lick up blood.

I woke up in a jail cell, bruised and battered. I knew it was over when I didn't feel my friend's tongue wake me up, or the cold winter's air that blasted through my alleyway every morning.

It had been so long that I had forgotten that timeloops weren't real, and it was just that every day seemed the same when you were alone, hungry, cold, and homeless.