“Do you usually bring assassins to your negotiations? No wonder it took everyone so long to unify. Don’t worry, I have killed none of the ones you sent. It would be a waste of my energy.” Baldin slouched in his chair, the powerful mage retiring to the countryside for a few centuries, deciding to hide in a small, unassuming cottage. He had known his hiding spot wouldn’t last forever, but even he was shocked to learn that he had remained hidden for centuries. Far longer than he expected.

 

“Bah, negotiations are for the weak. We know of your power and are sick of living in fear. Why wait for you to strike us when we can get the first hit?” The orc woman raised her war hammer. The wooden pole of the weapon covered in a variety of monster teeth; each sharp tooth intended to intimidate her foe.

 

The mage didn’t seem intimidated. He only shifted forward in his seat, glancing the weapon over before shaking his head. Baldin expected a magical charm or two, but on closer inspection found that the weapon was entirely normal. After he had confirmed that, he went back to his slouched position.

 

“You intend to kill me with a piece of metal on a stick? I’m not like the boars you hunt. I won’t squeal and charge you at the first sight of danger. No, I’ll carefully set the ground on fire before enveloping you in a ball of flames, faster than you can even get out an orcish curse. Put the weapon down, child.”

 

“Child? Oh, that does it. I’ll show you the hell that our assassins couldn’t.”

 

“Easy now, Jali. We came to talk, remember?” Paul said, the human leader gripping the handle of her war hammer, letting out a small grunt when he felt the back of an embedded tooth pushing against his palm.

 

“You humans are too soft. I tried talking, and it didn’t work. Now I’ll use force.”

 

“Enough, Jali. Paul is right. We have tried to use violence and yet the problem remains. We would be foolish to jump into a fight without exhausting all our other options. So, mage. Would you be willing to speak with us?” Lady Ellyia said, the elven leader keeping her gaze on the man, trying to read his blank face.

 

“I was always willing to speak to you. I haven’t moved from this chair since you three got here. Forgive me if I mistook you running me out of your city all those centuries ago as a sign that you didn’t wish to try the negotiation tactic any longer. To think you would send your guards after me when I was at my weakest. Did you tell the humans the truth about your one hundred years of war with them? That the magic blast that turned the battle in your favor was something you requested of me.”

“I was a young queen back then. I didn’t see any other option for my people. But yes, I told them the truth. It seemed only fair that I should acknowledge my mistakes if we wanted peace. What’s your excuse for going along with my orders? Surely, a legendary mage should have had more common sense?”

 

“If I’m allowed, I would like to use the same excuse as you. I was young and enchanted by elven beauty. I believed you were right. I knew the awful things that humans could do and wanted peace. That peace you promised me.”

 

“You got that peace, eventually.”

 

“After you dragged the war out for another fifty years. It wasn’t until the humans pushed back again that you screamed for peace. Had the humans never shown a backbone, you would have crushed them. I know it, you know it, and the poor man next to you knows it.”

 

“If you intend to make us doubt one another, you will need to try harder. War is a dirty thing and Ellyia is responsible for the death of a lot of my ancestors, but that is war. Had I been in her shoes, I can’t say I wouldn’t have done the same. What I find hard to swallow is the fact that a human would kill his own kind in a war.” Paul said, removing his hand from Jali’s weapon.

 

“My kind? That’s funny. I see none of you as my kind. I’m above anyone here. You could send armies after me and you would still lose. Each of you know that and yet you persist in agitating me. The aggressive dragon you hate has found a cave to lie in and yet you come and poke him. How many more pokes do you think it will take to get the reaction you want?”

 

The three looked among themselves, watching as the mage stood up from the chair. He still wore the same robes as he had during the war, their once regal blue now tattered and dirt covered. He made his way over to a small pot of tea, still relying on fire to warm the pot rather than just using his own abilities. Once he had the tea, he set out four cups, pouring one for himself and then filling the others.

 

“What do you really want? Is it just fear that has brought you here? Or do you think I will just roll over after all your attempts on my life? That I would simply just give up and go along with whatever you want to ensure my safety. I’m not threatened, nor am I interested in changing my ways.” Baldin said before raising his cup. “Would you like some tea?” 

“Like I would drink anything you would give me. It’s probably poisoned.” Jali said.

 

“Poisoned? I wouldn’t resort to such offhanded tricks. If I wanted you dead, I would have done it by now. I’m doing this as a show of good faith. I may like none of you, but I, at the very least, respect that you came here without bringing an army.”

 

“The army would come next if this went badly.” Paul said.

 

“Heh, I still haven’t gotten my answer. What do you really want?”

 

The three didn’t reach for the tea, each looking at another in the group, expecting them to make the first move. After a long silence, it fell on Lady Ellyia to speak for the group. She took the tea, giving the mixture a quick look over before taking a small sip of it. The mage looked at her expectingly, waiting for her reaction.

 

“Its nice.” She finally said, before continuing. “We want assurance that you won’t try to kill us all. The longer you gather your power, the more at risk we are of being unable to stop you. What we seek is a treaty.”

 

“And she speaks for you all?”

 

“Personally, I want your head displayed on my throne room wall, but a treaty will do.” Jali added, leaning against her weapon. The conversation was already boring her. Humans and elves talked far too much for her liking.

 

“We all want peace. Just tell us how to get it.” Paul said, the human doing his best to dull Jali’s comments. Hoping to slide them unnoticed past the mage.

 

“I see. Then let me make it clear.” He sipped his tea, downing more of the warm mixture before setting the empty cup down. “I won’t be a problem as long as the world maintains order. If at some point, I sense your actions will bring about the death of the world, whether that be through war or some other destructive means. I will come out and kill everything before you can bring about that destruction. I’ll give everyone a quick and peaceful death to ensure that no one suffers.”

 

Silence filled the room. The three leaders considering their next words. They had been given the assurance they wanted, but perhaps not in the way that they wanted to hear.

 

“So, as long as we don’t kill the world, you will stay in hiding? Sounds like a good deal to me.” Jali said, turning to head for the door. The answer satisfying the orc.

“I will. Do you think you can keep the peace for that long? You have gotten close before. I don’t just mean for a few centuries. This will span thousands of years. I’ll always be waiting for that moment.”

 

“We have created peace already. What’s there to worry about? Look, all three of us were enemies at some point and now I’m happily tagging along with the humans and elves. Well, not happily, but you get what I mean.”

 

“Mmm. May I ask why there are only three of you if there is peace? What about the dwarves? Or even something like a harpy. Sure, they may be minor voices compared to you three, but they are still voices.”

 

“The dwarves come under the humans. Harpies and other monsters go under the leadership of Jali. We have thought these things through.” Paul said.

 

“I see. How long do you think those minor voices will be happy being represented by you three? Eventually, they are going to want that sort of power too. I suggest you carefully think about that. If I were in your shoes, I would give them their own slice of this peace, or else you may be at risk of another tragedy.”

 

“You really think we are at risk of rebellion? So soon after we gathered peace? That is a lot to think about. Very well, I will think about what you have said.” Lady Ellyia said, offering a bow before turning to the door, leaving with Jali.

 

Paul went to leave, only to feel a hand grab his wrist. He swung around to see the mage staring at him. Their face pressed close to Paul’s. “You humans are the real ones that they need to worry about. I predict you will be a handful in the future. Remember to tell your children about me. I would hate for our deal to be forgotten in the future.”

 

“I assure you; I won’t let anyone forget.” Paul tugged his hand free as the mage did not try to hold him any longer. Paul gave the man a quick nod before leaving to meet with the others. When the three had left, the mage returned to his seat, curious to see what the future would hold.

&amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp;

(If you enjoyed this feel free to check out my subreddit /r/Sadnesslaughs where I'll be posting more of my writing.)