There is a priest on my doorstep.   
White collar, black soutane, the whole works. His eyes are filled with fear, and they dart over my shoulder into the interior of my new home. I look behind me but can’t see anything to be afraid of. Unless it’s my son Jon playing Fortnite on his phone, which can admittedly be terrifying.  
“Can I help you?” I ask.  
“I’m Father Ferguson,” he says. “I don’t normally call on strangers unsolicited, Mrs – er – “   
“It’s Miss,” I say. “I am a single, unmarried mother. And, given the benefits situation under our current government, I do not have the money to donate to charity at the door.”  
“It’s not about charity. There’s a problem with your house. There have been….disturbances.”  
Damn it. I knew I shouldn’t have invited Ellie over last night. And I definitely shouldn’t have given her tequila.  
“Look, I’m really sorry. It was a one off. It won’t happen again.”  
“It’s not about noise.” He pauses. “Can I come in?”  
“Certainly not,” I snap.  
He leans forward and stares deep into my eyes. “Your house is haunted.”  
“Oh, give over,” I say.  
“You need to move now. You are in danger. Your son is in danger. Run.”  
“I don’t think you understand the current housing situation,” I say, in as sweet a voice as I can manage. “This is a four-bedroomed house, in great condition, with a large garden. And, for some extraordinary reason, the owner insists the price is only £300 a month. After years of being charged three times that for studio flats in buildings full of warring crackhead dealers, it’s going to have to be some ghost to get me to move.”  
“It is,” he says, watching me. “It is some ghost.”  
“So, if it doesn’t like me, it can pack its bags. I've waited a long time. There is no way I’m leaving a deal like this.”  
The priest shivers and clutches at his black sleeves.  
“I don’t want to be the one to tell you this - but the family who lived here before you were gruesomely murdered in the basement. Hacked into parts. Rivers of blood.”   
“GNARLY!” shouts Jon, delighted. I hadn’t realised he was listening.  
“Go in the other room, Jon,” I say and he slouches off, looking disappointed. I turn back to the priest.  
“If you’ll forgive me, Father, your time would be much better spent fighting the Catholic church’s paedophile problem.”  
I slam the door in his face. Jon pops out of the living room, waving his phone at me.  
“Can I have Max over?” he asks. “We’re going to look for bloodstains!”  
  
Once the kids are safely in the basement, happily ferreting around looking for murder clues, I retreat to the kitchen and the coffee and walnut cupcakes I just baked. Only to find a large, jet-black rat has pulled one off the table and is eating it.  
“How rude,” I say.   
The rat cocks its head at me. It’s the size of a small dog, one of those celebrity handbag dogs. Maybe I should carry it around in my handbag. A handbag rat. I could take it into work with me, and train it to run up people’s legs when they’re rude.  
It’s actually kind of…strokable. Cute, even.  
“You can have that cupcake if you like,” I say. “I made too many anyway. But honestly I’m not sure cupcake is good for you.”  
The rat glows its eyes red, which is somewhat disconcerting but kind of cool. I make a mental note to Google what to feed rats.  
A low, whispering voice echoes through the suddenly darkening room.  
*“Get out! Get out!”*  
“Who’s there?” I ask, and then I notice there’s blood running down the walls.  
“Are you joking?” I shout. “I’ve just cleaned!”  
*“Get out! Get out!”*  
“YOU get out!” I yell at the ceiling.  
There is a hesitation.  
*“Aren’t you scared?”*  
I guess I should be. But I’ve always loved horror films.  
“Did you kill that family?” I ask.   
There is a silence.  
*“They watched nothing but The Big Bang Theory. On repeat. Every night.”*  
“Fair,” I say.  
*“I respect housemates have different tastes, but every night is over the top.”*  
“I used to live with a woman who refused to watch anything but Keeping up with the Kardashians. She would come in and change the channel in the middle of a film to watch it. Without asking.”   
We contemplate the horror of housemates.  


Suddenly, Father Ferguson knocks on the kitchen window, making me jump. He’s shouting: “Your son is in danger!”  
I open the garden door.  
“Get off my lawn!” I shout. “Don’t make me get the yard broom!”  
There is what I can only describe as a soundless noise behind me, and Father Ferguson is covered in tarantulas. He screams horribly and falls to the ground, rolling around to try and kill them.  
“That’s fantastic!” I say. “Seems a shame about the tarantulas, though.”  
*“They’re not real. I wouldn’t use real ones. I like spiders.”*  
We watch Father Ferguson stagger to his feet, covered in burst tarantulas. He howls blindly at the sky.  
“Do you drink tea?” I ask.  
*“I like the smell.”*  
“Decaf ok?”  
*“Lovely.”*