The strangest thing is I don't remember him... I mean, Me.  

I would remember some dude named "Mike" who made sure I was placed with a good foster family, that there was a trust fund from my parents  to help cover my living expenses, and somehow I was accepted to a prestigious school for the gifted.  I have tried really hard to remember the few direct interactions I had with my younger self, and I just can't.  

Well, let me back up...

When I was 4 years old, my parents and I were in a horrific car crash.  The guy that hit our car head on was drunk or high, and because both of my parents were only children, I ended up in the foster care system.  My grandparents were, well, old, and couldn't take care of me.  They (well the remaining two grandmas my grandfathers had both died before I was born) were in a nursing home in the town where I was a foster.  My parents had in their will that I was to get to visit them at least 2 times a month.  My first foster family was the type to abide by the wishes of my parents.  I was one of only 3 fosters they had.  Around age 8, Foster Dad got a job opportunity out of state, and while they loved me, they didn't want to take me away from my grandmas so, back into the pot I went.

Foster family #2 was like what you read about in the fictionalized accounts where the kids get the bare minimum, and they threaten us if we say otherwise to the State during visits.  After 9 months of that, I did manage to email my first foster family while I was in school, and my #2 family ended up doing some jail time.  Turns out I didn't know the half of what they were up to.  I'm glad I didn't.  &lt;shudder&gt; 

The next 6 years, I spent in a group home so that I would be "in town".  Granny Monday passed, and thankfully, I was able to go to her funeral.  It wasn't long after she died, that my other grandmother, Granny Blackhair passed away.  I think it was a broken heart from losing her good friend.

I told them at the group home I was okay with staying there at this point.  I was in a decent school, and had actually made good friendships with my 'brothers and sisters' in the home.  State budget cuts meant we all got sent to different places when the home was shut down.

Foster family #3 was ...  well they were eccentric.  Foster 'Dad' was something of an experimenter.  Maybe you could even call him a Mad Scientist.  He did a lot of strange experiments with electricity.  The kinds of experiments that sometimes had the police show up and tell him he had blown 10 square miles out of power.  I liked Big Poppa Mike (or BPM as I liked to call him, ) a lot.  He was an inspiration to me.  When I graduated High School, I went to college on a scholarship , I had learned a ton from the current family, and everybody liked to call me a success story of the "system".  I don't know if it was the "system" or Big Poppa Mike, but I ended up spending 4 years learning all I could about science and technology.  I did this so I could get a job and be rich.  What ended up happening was right before college graduation, I tried to replicate one of BPM's experiments that we didn't have enough power to do.  Well, I ended up inventing a crude method of time travel.  Somehow, I sent myself back to the day of my birth.

I think I got lucky there to be honest.  We can't go back further than when we existed, well, I think that's it.  I need to grow up and figure out I can test that.  Realizing "when" I was, I started to work to make money and invest it.  I figured, a few well placed low profile investments would end up funding my later one.  I knew I had time to wait on technology to catch up with me.  Funny thing, on the 2nd time around, I tried to get some things right.  

I started dating a wonderful young woman, she looked familiar but not too much so.  We ended up getting married, and not long after we did, I showed her the newspaper article with my parent's car crash.  I told her that little boy in the picture was me.  I don't know how, but she just accepted it.  She figured out quick enough I couldn't be lying, because my investing powers were really honed.  I ended up making a lot of money in the stock market as a broker/financial advisor.  I also made money for a lot of other people.  

I would swing by my school and do science lectures and look to see how much attention I was paying.  Thankfully, I was paying pretty close attention to the experiments, if not to the person making them.  Maybe older me would remember more...

I went to the group home a few times.  I made donations to help all of my brothers and sisters, but I realized, if I didn't go from there to BPM's, I wouldn't learn the science that would send me back in a few years.

I let the group home lose funding.  That hurt.  I saw to it that the other kids all went to families who would take good care of them, especially if they were *sponsored*.

Then, I got a knock on the door one day, and it was the social worker in charge of the group home.  They looked at me, then looked down at the person standing next to them.  (I was a scrawny runt at 15)

"I believe this one is yours..."  

"I'm not sure what you mean?"  I was a little nervous.

"Michael, the state home for orphans was flourished under your care, but I'm not sure why the funding stopped.   Anyway, Marcus here is our last one, and we thought you and your wife would take him in, until he turns 18 and is an adult."  There was a slight push on the boy's back, like to prompt him to say, or do something.

"Um, Hi Mister Michael."  He (I) looked down at the ground.  I was a shy one, wasn't I?

"Um, you can call me Big Poppa Mike if you want or even shorten it to BPM to make it easier" 

The young man in front of me looked up and had a big grin.  "Okay.  Does that mean I can live here with you?  I promise I won't be any trouble."

This conversation seemed slightly more familiar... especially what came out of my mouth next.

"Well, don't make that promise to quick.  Sometimes, the trouble is how we learn new things."  I looked over at the social worker who seemed very relieved to not have to take this boy back to the state home.

"Thank you, He's a goo"

"Good kid." I interrupted.  "Yeah, I know.  Do you have the paperwork?  I figure the previous background check from my volunteer time is still okay."

"Yes, yes it is.  If I can come in, we can fill these out and get you all official."

I still didn't remember all of this, but it felt familiar  The social worker I remember was an African American dude who was, well a lot taller than me.  This woman was actually shorter than me at that age.  Obviously, I had done something to the timeline by being here.  I guess I would find out eventually.  So I had probably screwed up some timelines, but I think as long as I turn out okay and well adjusted, It will all be fine.