I'd been watching the woman in red for a while now and it had only taken me about half an hour to realise that she was likely in the same line of work as me. In films assassins are ugly, disfigured or tattooed all over but in reality the people who suit it best often fall into one of two different appearances. Either they are average, so incredibly average that you could see them every day for a year and still struggle to describe them, or they are so breathtakingly attractive that people let their guard down around them. The woman in red was definitely, completely the second of these types.

_____

The well dressed man in the corner had been watching me almost since I'd arrived. I'm very much used to it - first they take a good look at me, think I'm pretty, admire the view. Then some point after that they start to put together little pieces of information; I'm alone, it's a revealing dress, bars like this often have escorts, etc. But even then, you can't just *ask* someone if they're a hooker, can you? What if I'm not? What if I am, but that breaks some kinda unknown etiquette? So in the end, I generally have to make the first move.

_____

After ordering herself another drink the woman in red approached my booth. Either she has decided for certain that her mark is a no-show or she thinks I'm the one she's meant to kill and that, that could be very interesting.

"May I join you?" She asked and I nodded my agreement.

"My name's Tessa." She offered, briefly resting her purse on the table as she shuffled across.

The purse was only there for a second before she placed it back by her side but it was more than enough time for me to glance inside.

"I'm John. Nice gun you've got there."

Tessa smiled.

"Well, line of work I'm in it's a useful thing to have. Just in-"

"Yeah," I said, interrupting without meaning to, "I think we're in the same line of work."

______

I'd only said 'in my line of work' so he had an easy way to ask what I did but as soon as John said that he was an escort too, I felt a little silly for not considering it. This bar is a known place for business men to pick up a little bit of after hours entertainment and John certainly had the looks to be successful. Truth be told, I haven't met a massive amount of male escorts and the ones I have are a little more showy but if you wanted to get fucked by James Bond, John would be perfect.

"Oh." I said and then started to laugh. "Of course we are. You working tonight then?"

"Nope. Not for a while, actually. Bit of a holiday. You?"

I gestured around the bar.

"I thought so but look. All groups and couples." I thought about it. "Not that I haven't done couples, but it has to be the *right* couple, you know?"

_____

I did know. It was very rare that there was a contract for a couple but what happened a little more often was that it didn't really matter if the mark's partner ended up dead or not. And sometimes it's just easier that way and I have to admit that on occasions where the spouse was as messed up as the mark, my trigger finger gets a little itchier on those nights. What Tessa said next though completely threw me.

"Hm, and I guess it's not like I've never done a group either."

Who the hell gets a contract for a whole group? Either it was just that we operated in very different circles or Tessa was considerably better at her job than I am.

"You must be good." I said, just to fill the silence. "Can't say I've ever done a group."

Tessa shrugged as she took another sip of her drink.

"Different clients want different things I guess. And I'm guessing we work with pretty different people. I'm sure you have excellent selling points of your own."

You don't really meet coworkers too often in this line of work so I found myself suddenly falling over myself to impress Tessa.

"Yeah, I'm not bad. I'm discreet and I'm very, very quick. Nothing gets dragged out with me."

_____

I was sipping my whiskey again as John spoke so when he said the word 'quick' it was an effort not to splutter. Discreet makes sense but *quick?* I've never had a client ask if we could somehow take less time and I can't say that it's something I've ever wanted either.

"How... nice for you." I said, but not overly convincingly and he instantly noticed. "Sorry, it's just not something that's ever been requested of me, to speed things along. Different clients, as I said. Most of mine seem to think that more time means they got more of their money's worth, I find."

John looked confused.

"You make it last longer than it needs to?"

"Well, that's a matter of perspective. I make it last however long the client wants. Not to mention, sometimes there are requests for things that aren't super fast. You know, whips, handcuffs, et cetera."

_____

I'm not naive, I knew that whilst most assassins are contracted just to kill there are those who deal with requests that include torture. But they're a rare breed and I honestly didn't think I'd ever meet one. But here Tessa was, talking about drawn out deaths and whipping her marks in an easy, carefree manner that left me reeling.
"Is that all in a day's work for you?"

She laughed.

"Of course! Do you seriously never get requests like that?"

"No. They generally want me fast, discreet and invisible."

Tessa looked at me sympathetically.

"Oh, it's like that. People's attitudes about this are so backwards sometimes."

"I guess?" I said, although I really didn't quite know what she meant. "I think perhaps you have a different experience, maybe you're just recommended for people who want the weird stuff."

She bristled at this and drew back away from me ever so slightly.

"It's not like that. Very little of what I do is 'weird' and frankly I think that's a very backwards term for someone like you to be using anyway. Most times it's just fucking."

_____

John looked at me strangely.

"You have sex with all of them?"

The question threw me for a loop.

"Well I guess technically not all, sometimes a client realises that's not what they really want or..." I trailed off as I realised what he meant. "You don't at all, do you? Shit, you aren't an escort."

John laughed so hard the table shook and after the increasing levels of unease that laughter was infectious. Soon, I was giggling alongside him, both of us breaking into fresh bouts of laughter whenever we met the other's eyes.

"Oh god, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to offend you or anything - I just thought you were like me. You're probably awesome as an escort."

"Hey, what is it *you* thought we both did then? What's your job?"

John smirked.

"Librarian?" He suggested and then shook his head when it was clear I was having none of it. 
"Nah, sorry. I'm a hitman. I kill people for money."