The sky turned purple, then faded to a brilliant orange, back to a cloudy gray day. The world below reflected the different colors of the sky as it phased through them. Now a Chartreuse, a red, now green. 

A man in a bowtie sprints down the street, coattails flapping in his wake as he ran back through an alley. A smart, short woman with red hair followed, wearing what looked to be a Bobby outfit. They made it to a large blue Police Box looking uncharacteristic against the scrummy-looking alley. 

The man wrenched open the door and instead of there being a Policeman sitting on a chair there was a huge room. In the center was a large copper control panel with more bits and bobs and knobs and other things that would make even a airplane pilot scratch his head at. But this man, knew. 

"What did you do this time?" The redhead said between gasps. "Why is the sky like that."

The man in the bowtie grimaced. "I don't know."

"YOU'RE The Doctor, you're supposed to know." She reached over the console and braced herself on the ledge.

"Just because I'm The DOCTOR doesn't mean I know everything, Clara. It's not the Daleks, it's not the Cybermen, it's not the Silence, hell it's not even Drax having a good day. I don't know what this is and it's angry." 

The Doctor fiddled with a few more controls and the usual \*vorp vorp\* sound happened while the box seemed to fade in and out of existence. soon the only reminder that it had been in the alley was a few newspapers fluttering in the wind and a scared alley cat knocking over a random trash can. 

Meanwhile back in the Box the Doctor was flipping through a few more controls. "It seems almost like there's a disruption across all of time. And it's a broadcast signal. I don't get it. Like background radiation. It's everywhere, bloody everywhere and if I could just deduce the signal we could find out what it's broadcasting."

"You're telling me the TARDIS can't even pick this up?" The girls' eyebrows furrowed together. The TARDIS was better than that. It regularly played channels all the time. It had a love of 1960's-era Saturday Morning Cartoons. 

"Sure it can." He said. "It's just... It seems to be part of everything."

Flustered, Clara yanked the monitor out of one of the Doctor's hands and hit the side of it. The picture went diagonal for a second, then a faint line appeared. She hit it a second time and this time the line expanded out to show a fuzzy picture of something. It didn't look humanoid like many aliens did, which surprised the Doctor. 

Clara gave a self-satisfactory nod and crossed her arms, "Just like the old telly my dad tried to fix ages ago. Sometimes yah got to hit it right to make the picture come out right."

There was a split second before the universal translator could pick up the signal and transmit more than static. Then it flipped over. 

"You!" It said. "I have finally found YOU. The cause of all my troubles! Stop breaking things! The entire simulation is broken, you've done broken it."

"I wot?" The Doctor said he cocked his head and scratched at it, then smoothed his hair back which only made him look more like a frightened ostrich. "I don't have the faintest idea of what you are talking about."

"You broke my simulation! All fizzing about in that space ship of yours."

"I'll have you know the TARDIS is more than just a space ship-" The doctor interrupted.

"But you do the impossible things! Making people appear and disappear at times they're not supposed to be. You've angered quite a few people. Caused a few rifts in time. Then there was this whole time war thing. It wasn't supposed to happen like that."

Clara realized that this particular being sounded like one of her students when one of their maths equations goes awry and they don't quite know how they got to the result they got. The easiest thing, she'd always tell them, is to work backwards until you find out where your mistake was. 

"So we have the Doctor who apparently changed the simulation." Clara said talking over the being's worrying. "That's where we are now. Right? The question isn't do we fix it, but how did this happen so we can fix it."

The being started speaking some kind of mechanical jargon. Clara didn't understand it and by the side eye the Doctor was giving her, he didn't understand either. 

"We're kind of babies when it comes to, well,  whatever it is you're talking about. Give us an explanation like we're two years old." The Doctor stated. This was his expertise, speaking things in a timey-wimey kind of way they can understand. 

"So, like, some of the temporal things you do are illogical and kind of mess with the... flow of time... It's the simplest way to explain that part. I don't know why it's messed up. Like... Like a computer on the fritz, all smoking and stuff. It was working fiiine but then it stopped!" Their voice started going up an octave. 

"Okay, okay." Clara said, getting closer to the monitor. "It's okay."

"It's not okay! This was the biggest project of my life and it's all messed up because some dude in a box decided to mess things up!" It was getting agitated and Clara thought they saw sparks coming off of whatever form it was taking.

"That's a Doctor in a Box, thank you." The Doctor said getting closer to the monitor. 

"Take a deep breath, or whatever relaxing moment to think for a second." Clara said. "Okay so it sounds like where the problem like is obviously somewhere between the Doctor, the TARDIS and your simulation."

"I know that part!" The being was still whining. 

Clara paid it no mind. "Do you know why that is? You mentioned some kind of temporal problem when you were explaining it to us."

"Well it's more complicated than that but it involves a bunch of extra dimensions, pocket dimensions."

"So like the TARDIS itself." The Doctor mumbled to himself.

"Yes! Just like that!" The being said. He reminded Clara of when they finally started working out that they added instead of multiplied or that they forgot to carry a negative sign. "It's something to do with the dimensions kind of leaking into each other like different pools."

"Do you think maybe the TARDIS could help, somehow fix this?" Clara mused. "I mean it's implied in the name."

"Ooh! Maybe! Can, can I peek at it?" The being said. 

"No, no, you may not!" The Doctor said but it seemed the TARDIS had other ideas entirely. Both the Doctor and Clara were knocked about the room as a shift happened inside. Suddenly the lights dimmed, "It's like... it's like It's \*thinking\*." The Doctor said.

"I see it! I see it!" The being said. It jumped around, more spark like things flew around. "I know exactly how to fix it. It's gonna take time and that's not something we have a lot of."

"You got this!" Clara said, trying to give them encouragement. "I know you can do it."

"You don't even know what..." The Doctor started but Clara hushed him.

"Yes, yes, there. Got it!" The bouncing excitement stopped. "I got it! It's related to that thing the whole time."

"You naughty girl." The doctor said lovingly stroking the control center panel. 

"It's going to be weird for a second.." The being said. 

Within a few seconds the lights dimmed even more, then went out. Clara couldn't even feel the Doctor anymore.

"Clara open your eyes!" Clara opened her eyes and realized she was back in her bed. She anxiously looked out the window and the sky was a steel-gray day that always descends this time of year in England. She realized the Doctor was standing above her. 

"I had the strangest dream..." She shook her head. "I can hardly remember."

"Me too." He said impatiently. "Lets go! The Daleks are descending again and I need your help..." 

She grabbed onto his hand and they started running. 

r/chaoticpix93