Finally, a job. With this economy I am close to desperate for a new job. I called up the company, and they confirmed my hiring of this position as a Data Entry position. Well the strange thing is I never applied for such a position but work is work for such an esteemed company.


I approached the workplace, the corporate mandated decorations to appear as unthreatening as possible, that if given an inch they’ll eat your soul. Especially that Monstera, my bet is that the executives and billionaires feed the souls of their workers to that plant.


Clutching the letter close to my chest I approach the secretary, nervous and with butterflies in the stomach.  The secretary gives a nod, as I was about to open my mouth to as a question. He points a direction to an elevator no words, his eyes looks like he’s about to give up on his work. I hope my work isn’t as stressful as his. 

I walked towards the elevators and started to press the button to have it open, walking in a press the button for floor 10. I was told this was the right number. As the elevator closes I see this note written in brownish red ink, “If you have any feeling of deja-vu past this point, report to management immediately.” Spooky.

After standing on the elevator for the longest time and reaching the 10th floor, I walked out of the elevator and towards a door, welcome to the 9-5 grind.


***
I walked through the doors of the company “Po’s Limited”, finally, a job. This Data entry position will help myself to be feed and pay rent. To become a corporate drone, is the only thing I can do, to survive. 

When approaching the nicely decorated area, I see a wilted Variegated Monstera, less glorious. I guess the corporate overlords has not feed that glorious plant enough souls. Maybe I should steal a leaf and bring it home, I have plenty of souls back at home. Just kidding.

I walked up to the secretary, I look at his name plate, Philip Davis. Poor man, he looks so tired.
“Hello, Mr Davis. I am here for the new job” Still nervous, my voice is. New people are hard to deal with.


“Oh you are here, we’ve been expecting you, Sam” He looked up, you can see his dark circles around his eyes. “Do you know where you are going?

“I think I do didn’t we talk before? It’s the 10th floor.”

“…” He goes back to looking at his computer screen.

I approach the elevator, as the elevator doors open, the smell of cleaning products reach my nose, maybe one of the executives partied too hard. 

“That note…”

I stared at the note on the elevator, the letters written by a panicked hand. “If you have any feeling of deja-vu past this point, report to management immediately.” 

The size of paper looks like the paper that I was give for this job offer, when I turned the piece of paper with my Job offer. For a second, I see the red ink of the same letters on this paper. I blinked and rubbed my eyes.

“I need to leave…”

I slammed the elevator stop and had it stop on the 4th floor, when the doors open.

At Selfs, I screamed.

***
I find myself standing on the elevator, holding the letter for a job. I came here, got greeted by Philip. How long have I been here for? That Albo Variegated Monstera looks so beat up and such a glorious plant shall be well taken care of. If I get out I am taking that plant as payment.

Those words: “If you have any feeling of deja-vu past this point, report to management immediately.”

Beyond the 10th, go higher. Maybe… an answer. The roof, the building the touches the sky, staring imposingly and judgingly at the below. 

“Do I know where I am are going?” I mutter to myself.

The outside sky is so beautiful, from my gaze it’s been forever since my eyes seen it. Philip Davis is standing at the other end of the roof, he looks relieved, but he needs more sleep.

“How did you get here so fast? Teleportation?” I joked in a friendly manner with Davis.

“…” 

“I know, I am going to try. Sometimes I may fail, but I can’t give up.”