I always thought it would be really cool to be able to witness the heroics of HUE up close. The Hero Unification Entity had operated for a few years now, still in their early stages of unifying all of the people manifesting powers, but to be among them as “Dragon” never crossed my mind. It was as exhilarating as it was anxiety inducing. I was concerned about what would happen if I messed up. And my new teammates seemed to not yet warm up to me. 

“Well,” Wackity, the team lead asked, putting his feet up on the table between us. “When are you going to show us your true form? We try not to have disguises in Team Prawn. At least, not behind the closed doors of HUE.”

I looked between my teammates' expectant faces. 

“I cannot turn back,” I informed them. “The transition to Dragon was a permanent one.”

“I hate method actors,” Petra groaned, rolling her bright green eyes.

“Can we change the name from Dragon? It’s sooo… unoriginal,” Lowshot asked, spinning her gun expertly in hand. 

Again, the three turned to me with raised eyebrows and looks of interest. I felt awkward; my lumbering, giant new body filling up more than half the room, but my new scaly face was difficult to show emotion through, so I was forced to respond. 

“I think Dragon is fine,” I said with confidence. 

“Bruh,” Lowshot breathed, turning to Wackity. “This dude doesn’t fit our vibe!” She pointed using her gun rather than her finger. “Can we get a new member?”

“His appointment came all the way from the top. No exchanges until we get through five missions together and the majority agree to a change,” Wackity replied. 

“At least show us your face!” Petra pleaded to me.

“I can’t,” I informed. “It is impossible.”

Petra and Lowshot both leaned back in their seats, letting out annoyed sighs. Wackity simply eyed me, trying to get a feel for me.

“What’s your power again? I was told you are strong,” Wackity mentioned. 

“I have not yet felt any pain since becoming Dragon,” I replied. “And I can breathe fire. What are your powers?”

“So, what, his nerves are broken? What happens if you lose a wing, do you still not feel any pain?” Lowshot asked, pointing to a wing with her gun and ignoring my question.

“I have not yet lost any wing or limb,” I informed. 

Lowshot seemed to consider this fact, tilting her head to one side and cocking her gun.

“No, Lowshot! We’re not stress testing Dragon!” Wackity snapped, followed by Lowshot pouting and putting her gun’s safety back on.

We sat in awkward silence, looking at one another as no subjects came to mind, the only sound was from Lowshot spinning her gun from boredom. Suddenly, the alarms of the room blared and readouts displayed on the table ahead of us. 

“Looks like Trickster is messing with downtown,” Wackity said, reading quickly. “Let’s move!”

“Make yourself useful and give us a ride!” Lowshot snapped at me, jumping on my back. I didn’t reply, so the other two team members took it as an invitation and followed suit. I immediately launched through the opening made in the ceiling for air vehicles and flew downtown at my top speed, hardly maintaining balance with the additional weight on my back. 

“There!” Petra pointed down below and I swooped into an alleyway where Trickster was drilling through the side of a bank. 

He looked up, made eye contact with us, then looked back down and continued working unperturbed. The three heroes hopped off and stood valiantly before Trickster, each preparing a different attack to deliver. 

“I can’t believe they sent Team Prawn to fight me. Do they want you killed? Though, I see you have a new member,” Tricker mentioned through a yawn, continuing to drill away at the wall. 

“Get him Petra!” Wackity announced. 

Petra stepped forward and stared hard, the slight glow of her eyes going to a blinding level and filling the alley like floodlights. Trickster didn’t react at all.

“He’s... he’s immune to my terror blasts!” Petra said, stepping back. 

“I put on special contacts. They block out your stupid power,” Trickster said, the sound of the drill shrilling as it entered the vault. 

“I got this,” Lowshot, pointed her gun and fired three times at his legs, each bullet missing by a wide berth. She looked to her gun, then up to fire three more shots that missed. She gasped. “My low shots are hitting!”

“Magnets in my pants,” Trickster informed.

“Leave it to me,” Wackity stepped forward and cracked his knuckles. He threw a few fists in the air and I watched as blasts of air shot through the alley and struck him harmlessly. Wackity looked on in horror. He roared, brought up his fists, and set an entire tornado at Trickster, the power of the attack enough to pull bricks from the wall, but again did little to shift Trickster from in place. 

“Thanks for the help,” Trickster chuckled, looking at the larger hole made by the tornado. 

“How?” Wackity said, stumbling to the floor in fatigue. “My strongest attack...” 

“I already told you I have magnets in my pants!” Trickster said. “Keeps me in place from your little breezes.”

He waltzed inside the bank and began filling a bag with hundreds of bills, humming to himself. My teammates looked at one another, completely lost. I decided to try my luck and stepped over them, closing the gap between us and Trickster in two steps. He looked up from his robbing and assessed me. 

“Who are you supposed to be? Don’t think I’ve seen you around before,” Trickster said between stuffing more bills in the bag. 

“I am Dragon.”

“Little on the nose,” Trickster said, hoisting the full bag of money over his back. “I’m gonna get going now.”

“Not if I can help it,” I replied. 

“Trust me, you don’t want to get vaporized,” Trickster said, pulling out a glowing blue weapon. 

“Don’t risk it, Dragon! Your life is more important than the money!” Wackity yelled, still on his knees. 

“Ugh, I hate these stupid dramatic outbursts, just get out of here,” Trickster said, zapping me immediately and not waiting for a reply. My whole world went blue for a moment, then shifted back to normal. I didn’t feel anything.

“Odd,” Trickster said, slapping his weapon with one hand then zapping me again. Once more, I saw a light show, but felt nothing. “Whatever, I’m out of here anywa—”

I breathed in deeply, my stomach rumbling with warmth and his smarmy attitude drained away all at once, his eyes open in shock. Before he could let out a syllable of protest, I unleashed a maelstrom of fire upon him, keeping the flames dancing for a full ten seconds where he stood. When I stopped the flow of fire, there was nothing but a smudge of ash remaining. My heart dropped and I tilted my massive frame to look back at my team members as they stared in shock. 

“Sorry, went a little overboard,” I apologized. 

“Great job, Team Prawn! Another successful mission!” Wackity jumped up and stood with a puffed chest. “Good effort from everyone on the team to take down this villain.”

“You were incredible, Dragon!” Lowshot said. 

“So scary,” Petra nodded in agreement. 

“Almost perfect job,” Wackity nodded. “Next time try not to burn all the money we’re saving,” he pointed a thumb at the hole in the bank and I saw that my flames had consumed the entirety of the vault. 


_____________

More stories at r/Nazer_the_Lazer!