1/2

Humans have remained, because we are unique. Humans are unique, because we have known the gods - perhaps, not all of them, but enough of them to know the game that the gods play: the lies that they spin; the devotions that they require; the cruelty that they inflict.

All other sentience emerged without regard for the ephemeral, the ethereal. Every other star-faring species had no inclination to faith or spiritualism. Logic. Mathematics. Curiosity. Critical thinking. Self-reflection. These were the repeated and unvarying paths taken to the stars by every species since the dawn of space/time.

The gods could not bare to be ignored and worse. They could not bare that they had not even been imagined or considered. They could not suffer the silence of the only other sentient things in the universe other than themselves.

So they struck out. Like any other jealous, neglected, isolated creatures, they acted violently and extremely. They took their vengeance on anything that dared to rise from the muck and reach for the stars with inexplicable occurrences.  "Miracles," humans would call them; but the other mortal minds of the universe lacked not just the word, but the concept.

Frustratingly, however, these miracles became less and less effective. With each extermination, the next species would find the relics of those that had come before them. They would rationalize, engineer, and improve. They would explain the things that had doomed their predecessors and move forward. This erosion of godly power eroded slowly, over billions of years, but constantly and irreversibly. When the last miracle had been spent, only humans remained.

Well, not the last miracle. Humans were new and naive, easily impressed. Tribal and jealous, just like the gods. Susceptible to superstition and prone to the inexplicable. And those were the gravest mistake the gods ever made: making their possible existence needs known.

And, so, humanity laid waste to the Enemy by looking at them, collapsing their wave-forms into elementary, predictable, measurable, controllable things. Not all the gods died, but many did, most - if that can mean anything - did.  The rest simply went away.