"I have to be careful with it. I didn't realize that at first," Alex said. They turned stared into their half filled coffee cup absently for a few moments, as if about to continue. But did not.

"Careful? Why?" Steve asked, incredulous that his friend was so worried. "You're just average at everything. You'll never be a super star at anything. You can just coast. Live easy doing whatever you like."

"Steve, I'm average at *everything*. Do you remember what we did last week?" Alex drained the last of their coffee, glancing toward the barista and making a motion to flag them down for another. The barista seemed like she might have noticed, but Alex couldn't tell and let it go.

Steve scrunched up his face while thinking hard. He and Alex hung out nearly every day. People joked about them being a couple, and it was all but true. Still.... "It's so odd, I can't remember anything. But we always hang out. It would have really been something I noticed. Did... did you do something with your power?"

Alex nodded slowly, taking a moment to reply. "Not on purpose. But yes. I thought too much about things. I'm learning to be careful what I think about. I thought about all the people that *could* exist, but don't. An infinite number that don't. A finite number that do."

After a moment, Steve's eyes went wide. "Wait. So the average *possible* person..."

"Please don't say it. I'm already having trouble shutting this out of my mind. I still need to learn to control it better. This is the power of a god." Alex squeezed their coffee mug tightly, fingers whitening at the joints.

"I mean..." Steve began slowly, "not like the best god or anything." He smiled wryly and grabbed Alex's shoulder, giving them a little shake. "Come on, this is gonna be a blast. Just think for a minute. Really think about it." Alex looked up at him with incredulity, staying silent. "Buddy. You might not do great at this. But you're guaranteed to do about average, and I figure that's not bad."

Alex thought for a minute, then relaxed, a smile creeping onto their face. "You always know what to say to make me feel better, Steve. Ok, watch this." Alex snapped their fingers and in a flash, both of their mugs were filled again. "Ha!"

The coffee was so-so.