The oracle stared back at me, blank-faced and dim. This was going to be a long night.

Oracles were known for being unreliable before we forgot how to use them, and these days almost none of them still worked. This one had not been woken for some time; dust clogged its every surface when I'd started work on it, well over a week ago.

This was a larger specimen, headless, with many redundant organs, and lacking many of the appendages usually afforded to an oracle, despite having the necessary orifices for them to link into. Only recently had we discovered the purpose behind these so called 'headless oracles'. This is why they called me in.

Being the resident expert in oracology , I had the best chances of being able to revive this one. Most of the time, my job is to turn up and declare the job to be impossible. Most oracles discovered in the past 50 years have been mere fossils.

This time was different. The site had been discovered a decade ago in the arctic, as humans migrated to colder areas of the world to escape the rising temperatures. The site itself was modest, simple structures and infrastructure apparently designed specifically for housing oracles of this kind. Red tape, politics and the usual theological fretting common to our species prevented any research expeditions from occurring until now.

Since being permitted onto the site, we had devoted a week to cleaning, cataloguing and studying each of the oracles housed here. There were well over 50 specimens. And yet still, I took the greatest of care in my attempts to repair this first one.

"FUUUCK!!!" I growled. This was the seventh time I had tried to kickstart it, to no avail. In other circumstances, I'd have written the machine off, but this was everything. According to the texts they had found onsite, this oracle was special; it was the master oracle which the other 49 depend on for full functioning, apparently. Its respiratory system remained entirely inert.

I had only one thing left to try. From my orocologists bag, I withdrew a small rubber percussive device. After what was probably not enough hesitation, I gave each of the organs a light whack. People liked to joke that the orocologist's hammer was a useless tool, fit only for relieving ones frustrations.

I hit the power switch, and just about fell out of my chair.

&lt;BEEP&gt;!

The sweetest noise an orocologist could hear. It was the sound of life returning to the dead.

&lt;POWER ON SELF TEST COMPLETED. OK&gt;  


&lt;INITIALIZING BOOT SEQUENCE...&gt;  


&lt;...&gt;

&lt;...&gt;

&lt; Enter authorization for soverflowadnmn@bashv4.2:  &gt;

Our team had already found the authorization codes during cataloguing, which I tapped in as best as I could with how my hands shook.

---------

A week later, we had woken a small subset of the oracles. The master oracle was not enough by itself, apparently a mere middleman between the others.

"We're ready!" The excitement palpable in her voice, Roshenke announced her success at activating the oracle's true function.

Roshenke wrote the words into the box: 'http://localhost:80'. The result was immediate the viewer filled with shapes, colours, and most importantly, words!

&lt; Welcome to stack overflow! &gt;

&lt; Every Sysadmin has a tab open to stack overflow &gt;

My hairs stood straight. For moments, nobody breathed. Nobody was capable of speech. We knew this expedition would be huge, but we did not know we were unearthing the holy grail of orocology.

"QUICK ASK IT SOMETHING!" Ruiz barked

My head swimming, I dared look back at the viewer. The screen was filled with questions-- and answers! I clicked one at random and scrolled down to the answer, hasty in my greed:

&lt; "This is a stupid question. You just didn't want to learn Matrix maths for your homework, did you?" &gt;

-----------

*I never know how to end these so I'm just going to leave it there! Bit wordier than I'd have liked but oh well. PS, it turns out I don't enjoy first person narration 🤷*