They met twice a month, when both stars set together and the evening darkness was deep enough to cover footsteps.

Rial watched the hastening starset through her cramped room's single window - a skylight the size of a hail-rock, of her palm. When the sky deepened to cobalt, she slipped into her robe and began her silent prayers to the ancient creatures. By the time she finished, the stars were lulled and the sky was a deep, sleepy black.

As stealthily as possible, Rial made her way through the shadows of the commune and snuck out onto the streets.

She closed her eyes here, sheltered in the doorway, and listened for the hiss of the patrol drone. When the buzzing was loudest -- the drone only yards away -- she counted to twenty. Then she opened her eyes and sprinted to the sewer entrance.

Her heart was slapping at her ears and throat as she slipped down into the underground passage. Safety. If she'd been caught up there, at night-hours, her brain would probably have been chipped. If you broke any of the night-rules, they'd chip you. After that, you couldn't break rules even if you wanted to. Your body simply wouldn't obey your mind any longer. Your legs would refuse to leave the bedroom.

Halfway down the third tunnel Rial could hear the distant choir singing.

*Oh great humanity*

*We call your name*

*Hear our plea*

Rial wasn't in the choir but she knew the words to every hymn and sang in a whisper as she made her way towards the dead church.

It wasn't just hope that had driven her to the ancient priest and his cult. It was despair. Rial had no friends before joining the church. No prospects beyond waiting to hit breeding age and being assigned. No enjoyment in her life except for watching the sky deepen and lighten, deepen and lighten, through her tiny window.

She might not have hung on long enough to even join the dead church if it wasn't for the threat: if you take your life, the government takes ten others in your name. Your family, if you have any. That kind of guilt kept everyone living.

She hadn't ever seen the other members' faces, except for the priest's, but she knew the sound of each of them, knew the shape of their soul. Rial lived for these nights.

*Oh please humanity*

*Return to us*

*Set us free*

The tunnel beyond flickered with warm, welcoming light. The yellow-orange of wax candles burning.

She turned the corner and opened the hatch to the church, singing loudly. "Oh great humanity..."

The hatch creaked open.

She stopped very suddenly, too stunned to turn and run. "But..."

A rough hand snatched her arm and drew it behind her back.

"Got another here," said the man who'd grabbed her.

The singing... it'd been a trap. A recording of the usual choir, played to lure in other members. To lure her in.

She knew that had to be the case because the real choir, along with the priest and most of the congregation lay in bloody heaps on the stone altar and shallow nave. The priest's grey beard was dyed bright red. A hole ran through his forehead.

The air tasted of iron. Of death. It settled over Rial's skin and tongue.

Another man approached her, a man with wide lips twisted into a perverse grin. "What a shame she was late to the party. She's missed all the fun." He paused then added, "Well, maybe not all of it."

Some of Rial's shock fell away, only to be replaced by anger. By hatred. She stomped her boot as hard as possible on the guard's foot. He let out a muffled scream and released her arm.

Before either man could react, she was back out of the hatch. She slammed it shut and turned the lock. It wouldn't buy her long, but maybe long enough. She darted through the tunnels, left, left, right... Trying desperately to remember the route the priest took them on that one day every year.

Where was it? It was almost impossible to find anything in this darkness. She was running blind, her hands pawing at walls to find the curves.

She could hear footsteps somewhere behind her. They were already through.

Gaining.

There it was! The ladder. She shimmied down into the next labyrinth of tunnels. Left, left, right, same as before. The darkness here was deafening. Mind consuming. She found the next ladder though, and now nothing seemed to be following her.

She could feel the hot tears running down her cheeks. She wiped them away and told herself to keep them for later. Right now, she had work to do.

The secret passage swung open when she pulled at the right brick. Rial stepped through into the sacred room.

This room was well lit, unlike the rest of the underground. Smooth white metal walls were covered in consoles and buttons. And in the centre of the small room lay the container.

She leaned over the glass and, beyond her own tearful reflection, she could see the sleeping human within. The last human.

"Please," she said. "Please wake up. I need your help."

Rial tried to pry open the glass. The priest had said never to touch it. That if they broke it, the human would die. Instead, they must wait until the human had slept enough. Only then would its wrath be unleashed.

"Please!" She hammered on the glass with her fists. "Please."

Footsteps again. How had they tracked her already? Shit, they must have had thermal imagining glass. They were following her footsteps. They'd see her prints walk into a brick wall, and then... Shit, shit shit! She'd led them right to the human. She was going to die and she'd let everyone down. The last human would die with her. Because of her.

Panting, she stepped away from the container and leaned against a wall.

"I'm sorry," she said. To the human. To all her friends. To herself. "I'm so sorry."

She slouched down against the wall.

A strange voice said, "Activated."

"Huh? Did... Did someone say something?" No reply. She checked the container: still closed. What had she heard? Anything at all?

The wall of the secret passage exploded inwards, throwing Rial to the floor.

Three men stepped through the wreckage, guns smoking. And there, behind them, was the grinning man. Although he was no longer grinning.

He looked around, frowning. Then at Rial, he said, "Kill her."

They raised their weapons. Aimed.

Four quick bursts came from somewhere in the ceiling. Four blinding lights.

"Threat eliminated," said the strange voice.

The men were gone. Completely and utterly gone.

Rial got back to her feet just in time to hear the hiss of hydraulics. To see the curls of purple smoke escape from the rising glass of the container.

The human was waking.