The fleeting rays of orange sunlight poured in through the windows, casting a glow over the floorboards as they creaked under the weight of the groups slowly shuffling across the room. The air was uncharacteristically clean inside, only occasionally being filled with idle chitchat and the occasional burst of laughter from the groups hovering around the posting board.  
  
The door creaked open slowly, before a short but well-built man stepped through. Dirt and blood were caked to his face, and over his shoulder, he carried a burlap sack which nearly went down to his waist. As he closed the door, the mutterings of the adventurers already there died down, all of them watching as he walked across the room and to the front counter.   
  
Once at the counter, he threw the bag over his shoulder and onto the table with a thud before ringing the bell for an attendant. Out from the back, a large, purple tiefling walked from the back. As they looked, however, their eyes widened.  
  
“H—hello, sir!” they stuttered as they hurried to the counter. “I take it this is for us?”  
  
He simply nodded.  
  
“Okay,” they said as they undid the top. As the cloth fell, a gasp emerged from the attendant, as well as the crowd in the room as the yellow coloring of a curled tusk was revealed to the crowd. “I… I’ll have your payment prepared as usual, sir.  
  
He nodded once more, before turning and beginning to walk away, heading straight for the exit door.   
  
“Wrath, Wrath, Wrath,” a low chanting began, growing louder and louder as he approached the door.  
  
“Wrath! Wrath! Wrath! Wrath!” As he opened the door, every adventurer in the room was chanting his pseudonym. He stepped out, closing the door just as the cool night air hit him. He began to take a deep breath, before the sounds of the crowd’s cheers inside reached him still. With a sigh, he began to swiftly walk down the street away from the building.  
  
As the minutes passed, the orange horizon turned to red, then black. The outside air was filled with the blinking light of many colors of fireflies before he finally took a turn into a nearby building.   
  
As he took the first step in, he was met with a familiar wall of warm air with a hint of booze, and the rowdy noise of the natives. Finding his way to a seat on the main bar, he set his items down beside him as a bartender made their way over.  
  
“Someone looks like shit,” they said as they handed him a towel.  
  
He glared at them for a moment before gratefully accepting the towel.  
  
“What did you go after this time?” they asked as he wiped down his face.   
  
He set the item down on the table, before holding two fingers up, curled inwards to the point his knuckles shone white.  
  
They raised their eyebrows as their eyes widened. “Damn, a curly horned mushe? That’s really something.”  
  
The man nodded slightly, pulling both arms onto the counter as he looked down, observing the grain of the wood.  
  
“I take it you’ll have your usual…” they said, beginning to walk away before calling over their shoulder. “You know, it couldn’t hurt you to actually celebrate one of these accomplishments.”  
  
The man buried his head in his arms before taking a big, unsteady breath.  
  
“I get to celebrate once I can do it with them….”

\------

Bit late, but liked this prompt to much to pass on it.

r/IUniven