Arthur’s world shifts slowly into focus, as if he’s carefully tuning the lens of a microscope.

The scene is both alien and familiar to him: he is in his  kitchen, sitting at a rustic wooden table. His two girls and wife are serenading him with *happy birthday*. A cake, with a steam-train image imprinted on its waxy surface, sits in front of him. The candles are positioned in a nest at the front, and the smoke wafting from them gives the illusion that the train itself is belching out black steam.

“Happy birthday, Dad,” says his youngest daughter. She kisses him on the cheek — he feels its gentleness.

“Well, blow them out and make a wish,” says his wife. “If you don’t do that, how can a wish come true?”

Arthur’s heart is pounding. He’s trying to recall the moments before this, before the cake. But it’s as if all his memories are brown leaves taken from a tree, whipped into a frenzy by a violent storm. In his mind, he reaches out for what he thinks is the right leaf, the right memory to explain the lead up to this moment — but the leaf crumbles in his hand.

”Dad? Aren’t you going to blow them out?”

He needs time. Needs to think. Needs silence. “I can’t,” he says. “Something’s not right.” He stands, hurries out of the room and into his study, closing the door after him. He leans against the door and breathes.

To calm himself, he looks over the room. His study is full of musical instruments. Guitars, mostly. Bass, electric, acoustic — he teaches them all. This is his place of serenity, his safe-space. There are photos of his family mottling the walls and rare, uncluttered surfaces. When not giving lessons, he retreats to this room — sees it as an exhibition of his entire life and accomplishments. Of everything he’s found that seems to make him happy.

There’s a knocking on the door. “Honey, are you okay? The girls are getting worried.”

”Yeah. Fine,” he says, unconvincingly. “Just need a moment.”

He hears her sigh — that sympathetic but exaggerated sigh of hers. A sigh he fell in love with.

“It’s okay to be scared of ageing. Forty’s a big one, after all.”

Of ageing? That’s not what he’s scared of. Or at least, he doesn’t think it is. The more pressing concern for him is reality itself. The walnut and rosewood guitars have lost the sharpness of their color, are missing the bright orange highlights. And the fidelity of the grain itself is muted, smudged away from its sharp detail. It’s like his entire world is a copy of the world he knows and something necessary of the original has been lost in the transposition.

“Honey?”

”I’m good. I’ll be out soon,” he says. But’s he not good. He’s anything but good.  His heart’s thrashing like a wounded eel in a red sea and he can’t calm it.

Breathe, he tells himself. He forces in a lungful of air through his nose, holds it. Counts to five. Releases.

The rotting leaves of memory rustle around him. If only he had a net. He manages to grab a single memory and proceeds to explore it the best he can.

An old man is in this recollection, sitting in a wheelchair. He’s got no hair at all and looks like an egg. There are semi-familar faces around him. Two of the women look a little like his wife.

His daughters, he realises. His daughters but somehow, through this prism of memory, he’s aged them. They’re older than he is now.  He recognises one of the men, too. An old version of a dear friend.

What does it mean? Why are they gathered around the bald—

Oh.

It’s him, in the chair. A very ancient, withered him.

”Honey? Please come out.” His wife is pounding on the door now, her voice desperate. “Please! You can’t stay in there. Please.”

A pain shoots through his head.

”What’s happening to me?” he says, rubbing his temple.

There’s silence. The thumping of fists has died.

Silence but for his heart.

”You’re dying,” says his wife.

Ah. So that’s it.

He’s dying.

He thinks he remember now, or at least a little. He’s dying and has been for a long while. He slides down against his side of the door, hands on his knees.

”You signed an agreement with our girls,” says his wife. “That when things got too bad — when you could no longer live any reasonable kind of life — you’d enter this world. You wouldn’t be able to agree when the time came, so you had to agree then instead.”

He remembers, vaguely. Being in that chair and joking about it, saying how great it’d be to see his wife all young and with that beautiful body she had. But inside he’d been a black hole of fear.

”The system, the VR, attaches itself to you. It wires into your brain and brings you back to treasured moments.“

”How long have I got?” he wheezes, breathless.

”In here, a decade, perhaps. Your relative time is slower here.”

”And out there?”

“A week. A month at most.” She pauses, adds, “You can leave, if you wish. Live the rest of your life out there. But you’ll be unable to move. You can think, but your mind is disorganised, the papers in the drawer are all out of order.“

“That’s not living…” he says to himself.

”I’ll give you time to think,” she says. “We‘ll be in the kitchen.”

He sits like that, hands on knees, numb as anaesthetic, for many hours.

Eventually, he pulls himself up and picks an acoustic guitar. Closes his eyes and strums.

It’s dulled here, the guitar. The notes not perfectly clear.  But they do exist, at least. There is music to them. And if he didn’t know the crisp sound of the real world’s music then he might say this music was exquisite.

He strums a song he sang to his wife before they were married. *Something in the way she moves*, he sings, very softly, *attracts me like no other lover*.

Somehow, here, he is able to keep new actions in step. The memories he creates stay in their correct order. From waking and his family singing, to this point now, is a linear A to B. He imagines a young tree sprouting up in a little garden, a cluster of green spring leaves unfurling.

He thinks of his wife. Of that memory in the wheelchair with his daughters and friends, but his wife conspicuously absent.

He wonders if they divorced, if they split up somewhere along the line. Part of him hopes so, but he doesn’t truly believe it.

&amp;#x200B;

Eventually, he opens the door and enters the kitchen.

His children embrace him. He embraces them back. They take his hand and lead him to the cake.

His wife smiles as she relights the train’s engine. ”Make a wish,” she says.

He does.