My handler sheaths me back into the scabbard.

"You enjoyed the bloodshed, didn't you..." I intoned in his ear.

The knight simply straightens his posture, casting aloof glances to the mercenaries he has dispatched. 

"It matters not. This is just how everyone ends up anyway."

I let out an annoyed sigh. When this lowly knave found my cave twelve months prior, I relished another patron to twist to my desire.  Clay to mold to my whim. An avatar to exact my revenge on this cursed land, and finally release me from my centuries in imprisonment...

But this man, Finneas. He came to me pre-broken. And he has refused me on every opportunity. He is as steadfast as the mightiest hero who held my hilt. And infinitely more annoying. 

A low groan shifts our attention to our immediate left. A boy in scuffed clothes sits up and massages his head. When his eyes meet the gaze of my companion, he springs to his feet and begins to cheer.

"Amazing! You are truly like how the rumors say! You took on six bandits by yourself! Take me as your apprentice!"

The boy kept blabbering in his shrill voice and began to dance around my captor. Luckily, Finneas was finding our adoring fan as annoying as me.

"Gregory. Settle down, we need to head back to your village. Can you lead us...me back?"

The boy's faded smile returns to his face. 

"Sure! And afterwards, you can teach me a few tricks with the blade you're carrying!"

"Gregory. I don't think that's a goo-"

The boy gives a pleading look. Finneas sighs. 

"Alright. I'll do it. Let's get moving."

Gregory begins to talk at high speed again, much to my chagrin. But one small thing is apparent to me. 

Finneas is smiling.

And I know why. This boy reminds him of his deceased younger brother. The tragic memory that clouded his worldview and turned him into the stoic golem that he is today.

But with this boy, there may be a light in the darkness. A fire to warm the embers of his soul.

A weakness that I can exploit. 

I will allow the growing brotherhood with this... Gregory to fester. I will allow my charge to lower his guard. 

And so, I will gain my avatar. And all shall pay for their ancestral misdeeds against me.