"A girl's trip", a trip to remember--that was an understatement.

Still on the high of graduating together with masters from Georgetown, best friends since preschool Cara and Ginger agreed a week-long road trip back home to Tacoma would make a welcome reward. Silently each considered it would be their last together before life took them down very different paths: Cara had a wedding to plan; Ginger would come back up from California and the job she would be starting to serve as maid of honor.

Day three: destination in their GPS and let it ride, trading off driving duties. Ginger was comfortable in big cities; Cara preferred the long, lonesome stretches. The drive was relaxed; neither in a hurry for this trip to end. Ginger was moving her outstretched hand out the window in Nebraska when the music was interrupted.

"...a multi-vehicle accident in central Nebraska has both directions of I-80 backed up for fifty miles. With the forecast of high daytime temperatures with severe storms and probable tornadoes mid-afternoon officials have started running buses to evacuate stranded motorists to safety. You are advised to avoid I-80 or exit as soon as possible. Repeating..."

"Cara, look," Ginger said, pointing.

Cara pulled them off the interstate to a small, unmaintained gravel road. Their trusty GPS seemed stuck recalculating as they followed the barely-there road slowly, the sound of heavy weeds brushing the car's underside. It seemed like hours when they rounded a corner, suddenly before an antiquated, collapsing house atop a hill.

"Whoa, a serious house on serious earth," Cara whispered. She stopped the car, the two girls getting out to look over a dilapidated town spread before them.

"'Welcome to Lauralton'," Ginger read. "Probably a company town. House probably the owners. See, there's the factory," she said, pointing to the far side of town. Building after building showed signs of the decay and neglect of dyspathy, many of them heaps overtaken by weeds. The burnt-out walls of the factory cast long shadows as they approached. As they drove into the shadow the car coughed once, rolling to a stop at the factory entrance.

"Dammit," Cara blurted, hammering the wheel.

"'S okay. Pop the hood." Ginger said, getting out to take a look. 

"How bad?" Cara asked, joining her as Ginger looked carefully. Ginger shook her head.

"Damn, no signal," Cara said.

"Me either." Ginger looked at the factory building's external stairs. "Up there?"

"On it," Cara replied, racing through weeds to the nearest building's stairs. At the top she checked again.

"Well?" Ginger yelled up.

"No."

Ginger looked at the approaching clouds. "We need cover before that storm gets here," she said.

The doors opened easily, the girls cautiously entering. They walked past several offices to look onto a factory floor, covered by a collapsed roof.

"What's that?" Ginger asked, pointing at a dirty, faded but still visible mural on the far wall.

"Wow... an "E" Award," Cara whispered in awe.

"What?"

"An excellence award, given for production in WWII. My great-grandma worked in a plant like this, when Grandma was an infant. Died several days after an accident there, Grandma said."

Ginger shivered, feeling the temperature drop, the wind picking up. "I need to pee..."

"You go that way. If you find a bathroom, yell." Cara said.

Ginger walked into a hallway past several doors, looking inside. Her scream brought Cara running.

"What?!?"

"There's someone in there" Ginger said, shaking.

Cara carefully inched the door open, looking at a dirty mirror in the light of a small window. "No one there. I can stand guard if you still need to pee."

"Nope, 'M good." Ginger snapped.

"I saw a display when you screamed I want to go back to."

Together the girls went back to the display, a large, fading group photo the centerpiece.

"Lauralton Aviation. Why does that sound familiar?" Cara pondered.

"Cara, I don't like this place." Ginger said, squinting at the picture. "Hey, that could be you," she said, pointing. "Let's get out of here."

"Go see if it'll crank now--here's the keys. I'll be right out--give me ten more minutes to look around. Hit the horn if I'm not out," Cara said as she looked closer at the picture. 

Cara heard Ginger racing down the steps. "Great-grandm...?" she asked rhetorically. Turning around she looked into the same eyes that peered up from the photo, her mirror image. She blinked, now nothing in front of her but disturbed dust.

-----

Darkness loomed over everything. As the car roared to life Cara jumped into the passenger's seat, out of breath. "Go, go, go!" she yelled, slapping the dashboard.

Headlights on, Ginger floored it for the approaching storm, their dust drifting toward the factory.

"What is it?" she asked.

"Something... something dwells there," Cara mumbled, wrapping her arms close.


-----

(Word count: 800. Please let me know what you like/dislike about the post. Thank you in advance for your time and attention. Other works can also be found linked in r/atcroft_wordcraft.)