"You're our fifth member." Dan said, firmly.

I blinked at the hulking senior, who stood before me with his bulky arms implacably crossed over the chest of his his letter jacket.  To his right, I recognized Annabelle Thompson, the prim, well-dressed president of the English club. Next to her, was a skinny kid in a League of Legends T-shirt and baggy jeans, who I didn't recognize.

Based on the ineffable bullshit rules of high school, *none of us* should have been standing this close to each other. It was so far outside the context of my experience, that I could only seize on one of the bizarre features of the situation, in the moment.

"Fifth?" I asked, looking between the three people confronting me. I tried to figure out how I'd miscounted, because that's the kind of self-confidence I have.

But it turned I hadn't. As Dan started to open his mouth, a short girl in a black hoodie, with dark blue-green hair that hung down in front her eyes, stepped out from behind him.

"There's no time to explain." she sighed, wearily. "We gotta *go!"*

Dan nodded. "Gotcha. Come on bro."

I yelped as he reached out and grabbed my upper arm, pulled me forward, and then turned to grip the back of my shirt, and force me to march briskly ahead of him.

I swore and protested to no avail, as Dan hurried me down the hall. A few other people looked up as we passed, but a glare from Dan or a luminous "everything's okay" smile from Annabelle made them turn away immediately, as I was ushered briskly down the hallway, and into the old, unused science classroom. Once we were all inside, someone turned on the lights.

Mr. Jenkins, the janitor, lay dead on the floor of the empty classroom, half a broken mop sticking out his chest. I reflexively cried out in alarm, but Dan had apparently anticipated this because he clamped a giant-ass hand over my mouth before I could.

"Shshshsh!" he hissed, insistently, turning my head to face the body. "That's not frickin' Jenkins, man. Look *closer."*

I did as he asked, and my eyes widened in horror. As I looked hard at the body, it was like some kind of filter was suddenly turned off the image my eyes were seeing. It still looked like Mr. Jenkins' body, but where his eyes and mouth should have been, there were just rubbery masses of purple tentacles bursting out in thick bunches.

"Sick, right?" Dan said, and I could hear the grin in his voice.

"What the hell is this?" Annabelle exclaimed.

I felt a little relieved -- at least I wasn't the only one freaking out. As Dan finally released me, though, I saw she wasn't talking about Mr. Jenkins' body. Nearby, there was a pentagram inside a circle, drawn on the floor in the black ichor I could now see pooled on the ground around Octo-Jenkins.

The emo girl sighed. "We don't have time for this!"

"I'm not doing any *Satanic*  crap!" Annabelle snapped. She pointed at the cross she wore around her neck. "This isn't just *decoration,* you realize!"

That's when my *curse* kicked in. It's not magic, or anything, I just call it that because the doctors said its not a mental illness. Basically, I read a lot of random crap, and so I know a lot of random stuff. That'd be fine, except when someone brings up something I know something about, I reflexively shoot my mouth off about it, whether it's appropriate or not.

"W-well," I blurted out. "If it's a religious thing, you should know the Pentagram isn't a Satanic symbol -- an *inverted* Pentagram is. You make a good symbol bad by turning it upside-down. You know, like an upside-down cross? The *regular* Pentagram was actually used by early Christians, to signify the five wounds of Christ."

Surprisingly, for once my weird-fact Tourette's syndrome turned out to be a *good* thing.

Annabelle blinked. "Oh. For real?"

I nodded.

She frowned doubtfully, but then reluctantly nodded as well. "Alright."

"So...what are we doing?" I asked.

Exasperated, the emo girl blurted out the whole story on one rapid-fire run-on sentence.

"I'm way into the occult, and weird shit happening at school made me think some of the faculty, including Jenkins, were really evil tentacle demons from another plane of reality, so I looked up a ritual to banish them, but then Jenkins caught me spying on him and realized I was on to him, and he cornered me in here so I had to kill him with his own mop, and then I gathered together a group to cast the banishing spell, *okay?"*

"Okay." I said, dumbly. It obviously *was not.*

"Right," emo girl continued, briskly, pulling an old leatherbound tome from her messenger bag. "The ritual needs five people who represent five specific archetypes. Annabelle, you're pure of heart, full of faith, all that shit -- you're the *Priestess.* Upper point of the Pentacle, go!"

Annabelle crossed herself, and took her place.

"Dan,  you look like you could *punch* a bear to death -- you're the *Warrior,* right hand point of the pentacle, on your mark!"

Dan grinned and stepped up to his position, folding his arms confidently.

"Nathan, you're the master of jests and games, the *Trickster.* Left hand point, chop-chop!"

The kid in the LoL shirt grinned, and stepped up to his point.

"Then me, the *Mage,* mistress of the arcane mysteries or whatever -- I'm Beth, by the way." She sighed, stepping up to the lower left point. She then gestured to the point opposite hers. Reluctantly, I stepped up to it.

"So, what am I?" I asked, nervously, as a strange humming sound filled my ears. The ichor-pentacle was starting glow with an unearthly light.

"Yeah, I...kind of had trouble translating what your archetype was supposed to be." Beth admitted, awkwardly.

"What?" we all cried at once.

"I just...tried to pick someone, you know, *regular.* A normie. Archetypically neutral." Beth said, hastily, as the light started surrounding us. "I figured as long as you weren't the completely *wrong* archetype, it wouldn't throw off the spell too much."

I suddenly found I couldn't move -- by the way they were all struggling, I guess everyone else must have, too, but our feet were rooted to the spot.

"Sorry." Beth said, with a shrug.

And then our vision was filled with bright light. When it faded, Mr. Jenkin's body and the pentacle had both been banished from the old science room, sent away to a clearing in a strange, alien forest unlike any place I'd ever seen before.

I knew this, of course, because I and everyone else had *also* been sent there.