The sun was rising.

The birds were chirping.

And a cat(?) was on the prowl.

All in all the most average of days... except for the white cat(?) muttering to itself as it curled it's noticeably long body past a traffic post, it's beady eyes focused keenly on a group of teenaged children milling around the entrance of the grounds of a high school.

"Finally, finally I've found her!  And still with time to spare, my tracking skills are as perfect as I remember them!" the cat(?) exclaimed in a feminine whisper, grasping one paw into a fist.  She then leaned forward on both paws, observing as the morning bell rang out, and the students haphazardly shuffled past the chainlink fence.  Her tail snaked up into the air, growing ridged as the black-furred tip angled in the direction of the school, gradually turning leftward.

"She's heading toward one of those smaller dwellings... I've got the location down, I'll just come back when the school day is over and try to find her alone."  A sudden door slam behind the cat(?) drew her attention, and she looked back over her shoulder to see two men in some sort of uniform waddling over toward her.

"Looks like a stray, Sam.  Odd breed though," said the taller of the two as he fiddled with the net in his hands.  The rounder of the two glanced down at his phone, and replied. "Well, the call was just about a white cat, nothing much else, Ralph."

Her eyes went wide as she immediately bolted, the tall Ralph right on her heels.

'Oh stars no, I can't let them catch me!' was the only thought in her mind.

[[[

"...thus in September when the winged hussars arrived, the allied forces were able to lift the siege of Vienna and..."

The instructor continued his excited droning, as a good number of students in the class paid little attention and occupied themselves with their own distractions.  One boy's distraction was someone else in the class...

'Man, I can't get over how cute she is,' he thought to himself, his sharp eyes transfixed on the pigtailed girl two rows further up in the classroom.  Suddenly he felt a vibration in his pocket; glancing down, he read the text quickly. 'Nate, bro, are you checking out the freshman girl again lol'

Nate sent a quick, succinct reply: 'stfu Luis'

'eyyy lmao me too'

The period passed by oddly fast; for some reason, Nate would swear he could hear the faint whispers of the waves at sea.  That or it was just the wind, but even as he left class, he couldn't shake that odd feeling.

[[[

"Oh my stars, I can't... huff... believe I had to use... pant... my magic to get away from those guys..."

The mystery cat(?) had returned to the school after a long adventure.  Not only had she had to escape the animal shelter workers, but then there was that dog... and then that kid with the gum... and then the angry alley cats... and then that crazy blonde who kept calling her Artemis... and then the kid with the gum again but with friends!

Finally she had had to expend some of her limited magic reserve to effectively flashbang her way out of the mess.  And the worst part was now she was behind schedule!

Running onto the school grounds, the cat(?) had her tail up straight, the tip bent slightly, as she honed in on the magic signature she had been following initially that led her to the school.

'The dimensional wave is about to break!  I gotta find her before the beast comes through into this world!'

The cat(?) dashed around the corner as the sky started to change color to a murky purple...

[[[

"Alright I'll see ya tomorrow then at practice Nate."

"Later Luis, I'll be there!"

The two friends parted ways, as Nate meandered around a bit, not in any particular hurry to go home.  Instead he spotted the pigtailed girl off in the distance, as she walked with two other girls out the other end of the courtyard.  Naturally, he followed.

"This is kinda stalkerish... well, I won't follow any further than the edge of the school grounds."

Even saying that, he couldn't keep his eyes off the tantalizing edge of her skirt as it fluttered about with every step she took.  So entranced was he, that he didn't notice the cat barging around the corner until he had nearly tripped over it.

"Holy shit!  What the??"

"Wait, you're not??"

Before it could even register that the cat(?) had just TALKED, there was a crack of thunder as the blue sky had turned purple, and a black rift tore through space.  Through it came out what could only be described as a super-sized ogre made of hazy black ether with shards of purple crystals jutting out of its shoulders and back.  On its face rested a single giant red eye, but with no eyesocket as the eye traveled freely across the surface of its face to scan the surroundings.

"What the ever loving shit is that!?"

"It's a beast of alternate dimension!  BAD for short!"

Nate finally looked down at the white cat(?) as it finally clicked.

"Whoa hold on... I'm clean, so I can't be hallucinating this.  Okay.  You're an alien cat."

She shook her head vehemently.  "Not an alien, nor a cat!  I am weasel!  Sort of a weasel!  And I'm from Earth, just not yours!  I'm here to help save yours to help save mine!  Sort of!"

Nate nodded slowly.  "Okay, that explains a lot and doesn't explain anything at the same time."

The weasel-cat-thing glared at him.  "Explanations later!  Look, I'm confused too.  I'm supposed to find the vessel to be a magical maiden who can fight to protect this world, but somehow my radar is telling me the person with the most magic potential here is YOU!  I've never seen this in my career, a guy whose balls have already dropped somehow having more magic than girls in their blossoming years!?  That's not how it's supposed to go!"

"Look okay, I get it, you're saying I'm some chosen warrior or something right??  I've seen enough cartoons to know some of this plotline.  There's like some key phrase to access this power right??"

The glaring turned into a confused stare.  "You're taking this awfully well."

"Are you kidding, I'm excited!  I have a chance to rescue the girl, and beat the crap out of some evil thing, and not get in trouble??  I'll take it!"

The weasel-cat nodded.  "Alright, it's settled.  I'm just going to say though, I don't know how the transformation works for males, but if anything changes it should be temporary!  Here goes!"

She kept her gaze on him, and her eyes suddenly glowed brightly golden, rays leaping forth to bridge the gap between them as the weasel-cat's body also began to glow.  As the rays touched him, Nate felt a wave of electric sensation surge through him.

"Repeat after me!  Power as vast as the sky, a heart as deep as the ocean!  A hope that reaches the future, a love that reaches the soul!  As justice burns red, an iron will has been maid, in me!"

As Nate recited the words, he felt the power sweep over him... and he could feel his body changing.  His height fell away... his broad shoulders shrank.  He felt his limbs lose their girth, yet places like his hips and chest seemed to gain a noticeable bit.  His hair lengthened a good deal, as it was swept up into a ponytail, tied off with a bow.  He could also feel his clothes being replaced with very unfamiliar types of wear... a high-cut pink bodice that stopped short above his(now her) bellybutton, a frilly black skirt that again stopped well above her knees, through the overlaying white apron skirt did hang a bit lower in the front while the back had a large ribbon.  Over the bodice came a red bolero jacket that offered no extra modesty over the torso, only really providing cover for her arms.  Finally, for her legs a pair of slim ankle boots adorned with green emeralds.

As the glow died down, Nate immediately reached for the edge of the skirt.  "Jesus this is short!  Like, I get it's for like freedom of movement or something but holy shit!  And you turned me into a girl!"

"My name is Whisper, by the way.  And I did tell you I didn't know how it would work for a man.  It's a temporary change, as long as you're in maiden form.  ...I'm pretty sure."

Nate stared down at herself. "I'm Nathaniel, Nate for short.  And yeah, maid is... is this even a maid theme?  It's kinda a mixed bag here.  And no armor at all?  That's whack."

Whisper wagged a paw. "Ah-ah, The entire thing is basically magical armor.  It's magic, that's just how this sort of thing works."

She looked over at the BAD.  It finally  finished scouting out its surroundings, and proceeded to ignore Nate and Whisper and instead lumber towards the girls on the far end of the yard.  It seemed like they hadn't seen anything past the beast, as they staggered and stumbled back away from it.

"Alright, what special attacks do I have?  Surely I got some sort of kamehameha beam right?" Nate glanced over at Whisper while still fiddling with the skirt hem.

"I haven't the foggiest clue.  You're the vessel, whatever is contained inside is unique to you," she replied as she idly scratched her ear with one paw.

"Okay fine.  I'll just beat the crap out of it.  Unfortunately, the only thing here not locked down is you!"

Whisper continued to scratch her ear, Nate's threat not registering until she picked her up by the scruff and yeeted her with force at the beast.
The weasel-cat screeched, before her eyes quickly glowed and fired a small beam that zapped the BAD in the back of the head; she landed on one of the protruding crystals and immediately dove off as the beast slowly turned around.

Just in time to catch Nate's foot to the face as she sailed through the air not far behind Whisper.  "Maiden Boot to the Head!"

Kicking off the surprisingly firm surface of the BAD, Nate somersaulted through the air to land in a ready position facing off with the ogre-esque monster.  Her fists up in front of her face, she tucked in her body to keep her size as compact as possible as she waited for the BAD's move...