"What do you mean 'slight technical error'?" Katie was livid. "Jesus, Marty, I leave this office for 2 minutes to run a diagnostic and you revert his sequence back by 70 million years?" 

The small primate slapped his tiny hands against the glass wall of the chamber, as the two scientists loomed over him with concerned expressions. 

Although he was now unable to comprehend much of his situation, Alan still had enough sense left in his brain to be in a state of sheer panic. He screamed in a voice that made the scientists recoil on instinct. It just sounded ancient and dangerous. 

Marty, the scientist on the right, wrung his hands nervously. Sweat was cascading down his forehead as he fretted, watching his colleague for some cue, any cue, on how he should proceed. "I don't know what happened! One second the sequences are adapting to the instructions, and then the computers all freeze the next and he starts growing fur!" 

The head scientist swept a lock of hair out of her face, eyes focused on their unfortunate test subject. "He looks like some sort of early primate." 

"Some sort of relative to Plesiadapis?" Marty hesitantly offered, starting as the little primate gave the glass another round of futile whacks with his palms. His little teeth were bared in what resembled a primitive smile, but was more likely a promise of death and destruction on the scientists and their families. 

Katie turned away and leaned over one of the countless computer monitors adorning the lab, her hands gliding through the more advanced controls and pulling up the relevant window. She "hrmm"ed distractedly, glancing back and forth between an artist's rendering and what she presumed to be the real thing. "It's a pretty close match, visually, but if you're wrong, we might end up mucking up his genome and creating a whole new species of hominid." 

Marty laughed nervously. "Well, we wouldn't want that, would we?" 

He was met with a blank, intentional stare from Katie. "You know I'm gonna have to file a report about this, Marty. Not a good look for you." 

Marty's shoulders sagged in defeat, smile vanishing. "I know." 

"Do you? Do you also know that the whole department is going to suffer from this if word gets out?" Katie massaged her temples as she continued to watch Alan's furtive attempts to escape. "Those journalists are going to tear everything to shreds. Our research, our reputation- Fuck!" 

This time, it was Alan who ended up jumping backwards, as Katie slammed her first down on the tabletop, displacing several trays of pens and various measuring tools. She ignored the agitated chattering of the primate, opting to give Marty one disappointed look before turning to go. "I can't believe you could be so careless."

"Careless?!" Marty wasn't usually one to talk back, especially when an error had occured under his supervision. He was usually a responsible (if not annoyingly nervous) employee, but something about the stupid monkey's screaming finally set him off. 

"How can you just assume it was because I was careless and that's it, story over, I'm the only one responsible for- for this?!" He swept his hand in Alan's direction, illiciting an encore of desperate chittering and screeching behind the glass. "How can you do that and call yourself a scientist?" 

Katie didn't even bother to give him the satisfaction of being shocked at his outburst. She didn't even look at him. "Oh, grow up and take some fucking accountability. This happened under YOUR management, after YOU tinkered with the system- don't you dare turn around and try to guilt me so you can feel better about your mistakes and their consequences. Someone has to take the fall for this, and it sure as hell isn't going to be me." 

Silence fell over the lab at this, but Katie didn't care. She was fully prepared to leave some instructions for the animal's care when she'd had a second to clear her head and accept the reality that all of their work might have just vanished with Alan's higher brain functions. 

But something stopped Katie from leaving; the sound of a grate sliding open behind her. The sound froze her blood, and she whipped around so fast it hurt her neck. She only had a moment to take in the scene in front of her before Alan's teeth were fastened into her collarbone. 

Marty, his face grim, had opened the door to Alan's chamber. He watched the Plesiadapis' trajectory until it collided with his coworker. As soon as Katie's screams joined Alan's, Marty quickly backed away from the scene and bolted through the emergency exit at the back of the lab. He reached for his phone and quickly punched in a few numbers. "This is Dr. Clarke, we have a security breach in lab 004! Initiate a lockdown of the whole floor, NOW!" 

As the red lights came on and the alarm began to blare, Marty breathed a sigh of relief, knowing he'd just avoided a catastrophe.