As I write down my last words I feel the need to explain myself.  For the last decade my name has been cursed, spat upon, and reviled.  My works have been called that of a degenerate, aberrant mind seeking to unravel life as we know it.  Of all those who knew the truth only I remain.  I doubt whoever reads this will believe me but this all started with a prank.

Take it from me: No matter how much of an ass they are don't prank a cook.  Making the soup splash into the Royal Chef Smythe's face felt good at the time but the burns afterwards were no laughing matter.  Who knew the soup was so hot?!?  I felt terrible and decided to make it up to the poor man.

So I got to work.  Spell of Peeling.  Incantation of Perfect Roasting.  Ritual of Mixing.  Power Word: Debone.  It took longer than I expected but making it so that the chef would be able to actually sleep for more than four hours each night (no wonder the man had no sense of humor) would be worth it in the end.

When I was finished I taught the spells to the Chef Smythe, who loved them.  He taught them to his helpers, who loved them.  Eventually someone tacked my name onto the spells so that I could get credit.  I preened for weeks upon hearing that.  Why wouldn't I?  Barely out of my apprenticeship and already making a name for myself.

Then the first angry chef at a restaurant used the Spell of Peeling on a customer.  I never accounted for anybody being so foolish as targeting a living creature, so I never built in safeguards for it.  I hear the blood spray was nearly as horrific as the screaming since you can live without your skin for quite some time before blood loss gets you.

Dozens of tired, overworked, underpaid, and belittled service workers had access to spells that could kill...it didn't end well.  We tried everything to stop the spread of the spells.  We even found a genie and tried to get them to undo it.  Unfortunately that just made it look like a cover up, like I had something to hide.  I just didn't want anybody else to get hurt.  Nobody believes me though.

I don't expect you to believe me either.  People want closure after tragedy, not truth.  So yes please learn from my mistakes.  First, always build safeguards into your spells and second, never prank a cook.