The command had been issued. The room was suddenly quiet. Alan became aware of every breath he took. Each tick of the grandfather clock, a thunderclap. He looked across the table at his father, old and grey. He knew this was his destiny, but so soon? He tried to resist.


"I don't even have kids, Dad," Alan spoke. He stared at his old man's face, looking for a reaction. None came, so he continued. "It wouldn't make sense for me to take on your role. How could Father Time not be a father? Can't it wait? Clarissa and I have been trying, actually—for kids, I mean—but still no luck. It just doesn't seem right. I don't think I'm ready yet."


He finished speaking, though he had a million other things to say. He knew it wouldn't have mattered. His father shook his head.


"I'm too old," his father said with the same stoic tone Alan had known since childhood. "The burdens of time are too heavy now. I know you're nervous, but this is something you can't be ready for. You just have to jump in. Now take my hand."


Alan wanted to run. He looked out the windows of the house, into the empty void where time and space didn't exist. It was to become his home. He did as he was told.


His father's hands were cold. Alan hated how bony they were. *This is going to happen to me*, he thought to himself, and frowned. In comparison, his own hands were substantial, full of life, and warm. Even more sad, he remembered when his dad's hands had been like that too. The price of being Father Time was costly.


"It's going to get better," his father said. Alan looked into his cold, blue eyes. "At first it's hard, but it does get easier, trust me. Good luck, son. I know you'll make me proud."


Alan almost let go of his father's hands. Not because he was scared of the future, but because he was shocked by the words. Not once in thirty years had his father said something like that. It was always an order, or a reprimanding. Even at Alan's wedding, his father had refused to say more than a handful of cheap remarks.


And then, he disappeared. The man known as Father Time left existence. Or, better to say, he was reincarnated. A title passed down from father to son.


The silence was broken by a raging scream. The old wooden chair Alan was sitting on crashed sideways against the floor, propelled by Alan's writhing in pain. The floor was cold against his body. He squeezed his forehead, hoping to make the hurting stop, as the entirety of the universe became aware of him, and him aware of it. Every single moment, every memory, ever, entered his mind. His brain couldn't handle the flood of information and emotion. After he could scream no more, he passed out. The grandfather clock ticked away in silence once again.


&amp;nbsp;


Clarissa cried. "You should be happy," she said to the husk of the man sitting across the table. "We've been trying for so long. Finally I'm pregnant." She had hoped this would be the one thing to break Alan out of, what he called, 'temporal apathy', but it seemed it wasn't so. He was as emotionless as ever.


"I am happy," he said, without a smile, or a frown, or any change in facial expression really. "How many times must I say it?"


"You're not happy! Look at you! Couldn't you at least try to look happy? Fake a smile? Anything? Please."


His wife's cries had little effect on Alan. Ever since he had shouldered the weight of time, he had become emotionally shutoff. It was a natural response to feeling every emotion ever, all the time, all at once. The human body adapts.


"I'm sorry love, I really am," Alan said, trying his hardest to sound remorseful, but failing, "you know it's hard for me." 


The truth of it was that Alan already knew all about their child. He knew they'd name him Caleb, and that he'd like soccer, and that he'd get drunk for the first time at fifteen at a house party, and that he'd steal money from them, and that he'd marry at 18, divorce at 20, remarry the same girl at 22, and divorce for good at 26. He knew everything. And, just like Alan, his son would try to run from becoming Father Time, failing. With a sigh, he took his wife's hands in his and tried his best to console her. Just going through the motions seemed to be enough.


&amp;nbsp;


Alan was reading a book when Clarissa walked in. He looked up with the same expression he always had on. 


"It's happening," she said. "My water's broke."


They drove to the hospital, exchanging minimal words. After getting checked in and a bed, the two waited. Clarissa was in labor for 20 hours. Alan sat with her the entire time, even though it was just physically. It was the least, and most, he could do. Caleb Martin Time came in at a healthy weight of 7 pounds 4 ounces. He was unusually silent for a newborn, and after the doctor decided the baby was fine, he let the mother hold him. 


"Look, dear," she said to Alan, "he has your eyes. Beautiful and blue." 


Alan looked at his son, feeling like he'd already done it all before. Everything in him was just a whirlwind of memories. Clarissa held the baby out. Alan tilted his head to the side.


"Don't you want to hold your son?" she asked.


"Oh, right," Alan said, as he took the baby into his arms.


Everything began to slow down.


For the first time in forever, Alan was present there, in that moment. The tornado of time he was always stuck inside paused. He looked down at the baby, *his* baby, in his arms. Clarissa couldn't help but smile as she saw something she hadn't in a long time. A tear rolled down Alan's cheek as the temporal apathy melted away. He put on a smile, not the one he used to have, back before he had shouldered the burdens of time, but one that was new, and trying, and promised to grow with each passing second. Clarissa looked up at her husband, and, by the expression on his face, she knew he was returning. Not fully back yet, no, but on the train home. She didn't know how long it would take for him to fully arrive, but she promised to the three of them that she'd be there, waiting at the station. 


"Hi, little guy," Alan said, testing out his new smile, brushing his baby's thin hair, and wishing his own father was there to see it all.