I could hear someone giggle behind me. Was I hallucinating? A side effect of taking the drug that makes me look human is that I become somewhat of a psychotic human. 


I quickly turn around and gulp down my second dose of pills. That should be enough to last me a week. 


I tried to look around but my human form was slow; even when I was an athletic human my two knobbly knees and ugly feet were no match for my wolf legs and forosious paws. 


I sighed. There was no one there. The first dose probably had me tripping. I pulled out my giant water bottle and had a few mighty sips- my throat was drier than my ex's texts. 


I walked home. It was common for wolves and especially werewolves to live deep inside the Tundra forests though I made sure my cosy home wasn't too far away.


Even in the human form, the snow did not bother me as I trudged back home. I still felt suspicious of my surroundings, especially since my heightened senses were now drugged down to the mere human level. 

Hopefully some idiot human didn't catch me transforming. First off I look mad stupid when my large wolf body starts shrinking to the small human size of 6'2, especially when my black fur starts to contract back inside my skin. Oh god I looked in the mirror once as my spine and skeleton structure started to twist and turn and straighten into the human form- I do not know how I didn't scream.

Secondly, humans would end me as soon as they 
saw a werewolf. If they don't end me my parents would. Or my neighbors. Or the elders. Or my werewolf friends. Basically I'm dead either way. 

Some humans express their love for the **idea** of werewolves. Countless romance novels show us as menacing, dark and cool ass creatures whose passion is what keeps their blood pumping. Overly protective, possesive and meat heads with anger issues.

It's far from real. We are basically humans with human personalities. Strong yeah I guess? We are usually the taller ones in human societies (ahem basketball). Strong? No. Cool? No. My dumbass brother is the living antonym of those words. Bitch was scared of a fucking cockroach. 


As for me? I'm demi-sexual/romantic, absolute vegan college student with a scholarship (when I'm human I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to shellfish, also most meat tastes like shit as humans don't have much of a refine taste. The good meat is too expensive for my broke ass.) 


Humans will say that they love werewolves, witches and vampires but what they truly love is the fantasized version of us. We all will be hunted like crazy as soon as humanity figures out about our existence. 


I don't really care about a human or two seeing me transform, the idea of it sounds pretty fucking funny because that poor thing will be ridiculed and laughed at in human society. Probably would be thrown in an asylum as well hehe. 


I used to have my fun back in the days, when phones weren't a thing. I'd catch a human or two and show them my form. Maybe even fake hunt them for a bit as they try to escape. It was hilarious when rumours of a monster hunting hitchhikers would spread around, sometimes even I would contribute to them! Though we would never kill a human. It's against our rules as werewolves. Vampires, those anemic bastards on the other hand shouldn't be trusted that much!


Nowadays due to everyone having the ability to record everything, we can't risk it. 


Lost in thought I didn't even realise I was home. I also failed to realise that someone had followed me to my den. As I had turned the key, someone patted my shoulder behind me. 


I nearly screamed. As I turned around, nearly ready to attack this thing, I stopped myself. It was a human girl. 5'3, short haired and from head to toe in extreme winterwear. I guessed it was snowing that badly (my human form was still pretty intolerant to cold and pain apparently) 


She shivered, probably to see me only wearing a turtleneck sweater and jeans in 5 inches of snow. 


"How can I help you?" I tried to be polite as I looked around for any more signs of humans. Nope. It was only this little thing.


"Um, my car ran out of gas so I was looking around for help... I think I'm lost. I um- I saw you walking back and I called out to you multiple times but you didn't hear me.. Can I please use your phone? My battery is dead." 


_Out of gas so you decided to go inside a forest? I was never close by to the main road. What the fuck?_


I instinctively sniffed loudly near her, my tripped out brain still performing as my normal form. 


She gasped.


"Oh sorry, I have a cold haha. Sure, I'll let you in. One sec."


"Oh, thank you. I'm Helen, ugh... It's so cold!"


"Oh yeah, s-sure. It is pretty cold Helen." I fumbled with my keys. Fuck. I'm not wearing much. Is that suspicious? Probably.


I open the door and let Helen walk in first. Poor thing was still shivering.


Thermostat. Warm water. Phone. I quickly got stuff ready and handed her my phone. 


"Here you go." I wanted her out as soon as possible. 


She dialled her number slowly. Too slowly? 


And that's the moment her phone rang. Fuck.

She nearly let go of my phone.


 "O-oh." 


Her hands moved quicker than mine as a tazer was shoved at my face. My hands were still in my pocket, clutching my pocket knife. 


"Hands up mister." Was she a robber? Please just be a fucking robber oh my god. Be a scam artist or a robber or a stalker fan from Instagram.