Why would they choose me as a fifth member? It all started a few years prior to this moment. I was eleven years old and I had just finished building my prototype of the very first time machine. I was so excited. I through on my helmet on the couch and went in feet first. I do not remember since it was so long ago but I flicked a few switches and pushed a few buttons and viola! I was in the 2000s! My trip mostly consisted of trying to find my way home. Although I was able to see few movie hit in theaters. But I missed free electricity and the all around feeling of connectivity with the like so i did not spend much time here. I walked everywhere and almost got ran over multiple times. I was surprise to see that the people were still using combustion techniques as a way to fuel their vehicles' engine. I almost did not make it to my timeline. I was so lost and tired that i decided to sit down on an old tree stump lying in the middle of the road. The hunk had such a welcoming aura surrounding its thick shell I was able to sit and contemplate my thoughts or maybe I was so tired that anything made for a fine resting spot. After a life saving rest I decided I would go the highest point I could find and scout the surrounding area for any signs of my time machine. I finally made it to the top of a hill but I could have sworn that I picked up a few followers along the way. My mind made many men march madly mentioning my machine. I almost let my mind get the best of me but I remembered why I was so excited to reach the top of the hill. As I peered out into the horizon just over the landscape I saw my time machine buried under a substantial amount of sand. I bombarded my way down the hill ripping my jeans in the process. Now i really had to get home. "I will not let anyone see me in torn jeans," I thought as i jumped to my feet from the fatal fall. I walked up to a few glowing bulbs that illuminated the surrounding dirt and freed my machine from the grasps of the Earth. I quickly jabbed a combination into the numbers pad and a flash of bright light helped me exit from the current timeline. I finally had returned to my timeline. I looked at my arms and feet just to make sure I was lucid. I did a few other reality checks and hopped online to see what was the internet raving about since I was gone. Hey look i got a message from Bridgett. I clicked on the message trying to figure out who this girl who apparently enjoyed wearing summer clothes in the winter was. Apparently I was the one who initiated contact by saying "If i was a bridge i would be all over you." That did not sound anything like me. I must have been hacked! That had to be it because the person posing as me in the profile picture looked like a young man. He Wore a shirt that read "I'm with stupid," followed with a Disney animated hand pointed towards the pelvic area. I ran the picture through my database to see if i could get a match with anyone on the web. I found an Instagram user that had the same picture in their profile. I was astonished to find out that this profile was using my government name. I kept scrolling through the profile to see if I could pick up any clues that would lead me to the culprit. I stopped mid scroll on a time lapse video. I could not believe my eyes. The culprit was me. I got up and ran into the bathroom which conveniently was installed in the garage. I looked in horror as i had aged almost half a decade. I examined my chin and realized that a nice beard was starting to take shape but other than that i was grotesque. I was developing acne, my voice sounded like a radio host's, and i was actually considering going to the dance with someone who had no sense of style. I looked at my time machine and knew what had to be done. I was going to use its self destruct sequence combine with the wormhole option and hopefully the energy from the blast would produce enough energy to reverse the aging effect. I hopped into the machine but before i could initiate the self destruct sequence my mom came in the door. "Hurry up! You do not want to be late for your first day of school do you?" She pushed me out the door fully equipped with books, backpack, and a bagged lunch. i was on my way to the first class when a distinct set of individual grabbed me. "You are the fifth member. There is not time to explain we gotta go."