"I still don't understand."

"What else is there to understand? You died, won the lottery, and came back as an AI."

"See, I don't think you get it. You're supposed to be happy to win the lottery. Happy."

This conversation would already be confusing enough from the outside. The fact that it was the captain arguing with her warship itself as they passed a random asteroid definitely didn't help. While the rest of the crew didn't show it, such a vivid discussion was nerve racking. AIs typically didn't have such reservations about their own fate. And resurrections as AI was an accepted form of practice, in that it helped with communication between ships. But, sometimes, there were some side effects.

"Can we, at least..." The voice asked as they followed trajectory. "Why me?"

The captain, had brought the issue to medical personnel as well as technical. Figures, they would.

"Tavian... Scans of your brain tissue suggested mental qualities that would make you a prime candidate."

"That's real great, Saanvi. But you could at least warn- Hey!" Tavian reacted. He got one of the bots off their charging ports and had it snatch an engineer from a panel. "Don't touch me."

"If you overreact, you'll get us all killed." The captain warned.

"And get flashed." Saanvi added, "Do you like your memories or not?"

The camera orb that watched the bridge pulled back, and the bot leaned against the wall, limbs folded in a surly nature.

"Well..." The AI answered. The bot shrugged finally. "I had an okay life. I'm running your databases for your records. Everybody here seems at least tolerable."

"Good." The captain breathed.

"And if all else fails, I can at least drain all the oxygen from the room."

This of course caused an uproar amongst the crew who immediately began a variety of activities keen on stopping him. But they all listened to the collected laughter overhead.

"I'm kidding, I'm kidding." Tavian promised. The bot bowing over like a person out of breath. "So what do I have the pleasure of being brought back from the dead for? Exactly."

Saanvi quietly selected the correct information and sent it forward. "We're currently intercepting another ship. Sources say it's foreign, and we're meant to check it's possible coordinates."

"I see. That explains all the guns." Tavian's orb mimicked a slight nod.

"As you can probably see from our info, we believe it might be related to you."

"...This might be the ship that shot us down." The bot quietly tensed up at this.

"So, are you up for the job?" The captain asked again. 

"Sure."

"Can you at least put the attack bots back?!" The engineer one grabbed shouted. "I'd at least like to look them over before you do anything else with them!"

"Oh. Sorry, Dave." He remarked. The bots fell to the floor like discarded puppets. Including the one still holding Dave.

"I meant put them back."

More laughter. "I know. I just wanted to know if I could do that."