Expelled from college grounds.

That's what a publishing deal got me.

I wanted to be a helpful mage chef. Write a book of simple spells anyone with a smidgen of Talent can use in the kitchen, and it ruined my life.

The Council blamed me, ME, for the acts of some deplorable casters, whom had taken my book and used it to commit unspeakable atrocities. All while they sang my praises.

I finished loading up my cart with the last crate of my pots and pans and looked back at the empty husk of my once greatest achievement. A restaurant within the walls of The Mage's College.

Normally you'd have to treck to the city to get a good meal, or suffer the weekly menu of flavourless, nutrient-based gruel the on site kitchen provided.

Almost a decade I'd kept the doors open. Fighting tooth and nail with the Council to get building permissions in the first place, but once they had a taste of my roast duck they practically begged me to start construction immediately. 

Most of them did. There are always a few traditionalist who feel that luxuries should be earned. They didn't like that I responded that we'll take all valid forms of payment.

I sighed as I urged the cart horses into motion and began going over the spells that had been perverted.

Spell of Peeling - cleanly removes the skin of any fruit or vegetable, regardless of shape or imperfections. 

Spell of Flash Boiling - depends on the strength of one's Talent, but can be scaled for any liquid, from a simple pot of water to a ten-gallon drum of frying oil.

Spells of Dislocation for dealing with prepping a fowl. Cantrips for Seasoning to evenly distribute salts and flour.

All of these and more, printed in a book no wider than my thumb. None of them meant to be used on the living.

But someone had, and they chanted my accolades as they terrorized the area.

I was pondering my path down to the city as I came up to the college gates which stood open when my path was suddenly blocked. Almost a dozen faces stared at me, each of them different, all of whom I knew.

"Come to wish me safe travels?" I asked my staff. Former... staff.

"No, Chef!" responded Marcus, or Mouth as he'd become known. Made up for his Halfling stature by being the loudest person I knew.

"It's not fair," he continued. "You din' do those things."

"The Council knows this," I replied. "But it was my book, so apparently I'm the sacrifice they're willing to make."

Trill stepped up next. The tall, blunt faced orcish woman looked like she was about to burst. Either into a rage or tears, could go either way.

"We' been talkin'," she began. "Discussin'. An' seein' how most o' us can't say wif the shop closin'. We's was thinking about comin' wif chu!"

I smiled sadly, fighting the urge to cry. I wasn't the best manager, or the best chef, but I had the best staff anyone could ask for. Even the wait-staff who took the brunt of the customer abuse was blocking my way.

"I don't know. It's a far walk to Blaise." I said thoughtfully, as if I was weighing my options.

"Blaise?" Mouth shouted, aghast. "That's where the attacks happened last!"

I watched as realization crawled over Trill's face, then a grin followed.

"We goin' huntin', Chef?"

"Every last one of the bastards!" I declared. "We'll rent some horses and a cart in the city! It's a three day trip to Blaise! Then I'm going to give those monsters an in person lesson of my canceled second book!"