"Aaaaaaaaaaargh," 

screamed Sharon, jumping backwards over the side of the bed. 

"What the *hell* is going on?"

"Calm down, Mummy! This is my new friend, Mr. Johnson," said Sara.

The tall and muscular figure who looked eerily similar to *The Rock* took a breath, and started talking. 

"Sorry to intrude here, Mrs. Brennan." -- That voice, Sharon thought. It's really him! -- "Believe me when I say, the surprise is mutual," said Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson, who was wearing pyjamas with blue elephants on top, yellow giraffes on the bottom.

A few moments of contemplative silence passed. From behind the bed: "That's really The Rock in my house right now?"

"It is it is it is," cried Sara, gleefully. "I wished for a pet rock from Santa in the mall, and I got the best one of them all!"

Sharon raised her messy hair and bewildered face into view, for a sceptical look. "Fucking hell," she gasped. Dwayne Fucking Johnson was standing *right there.*

"Hey, no swearing," Sara snapped.

"Look, it's Christmas day, and I'm really not meant to be here. So, Sara, it's been real meeting you, but I won't be able to stay for the tea party."

"But you said you would!"

"I'm sorry," Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson said, not lying. "Trust me, if I didn't have my own family to get back to, Fuzzy Bear and Malibu Barbie and I would be teapotting it up all afternoon with you."

Sharon looked on, vague, wondering if she was still drunk and stoned from the dinner party the night before. Had there been LSD going around? She was beginning to hope so.

Sara looked away, and started to cry. "Now now, don't cry. Any girl able to summon *The Rock* out of thin air must be really, really strong," he said. "Are you strong, Sara?"

She wiped the tears from her eyes, and nodded her head. "There it is. I think you might be the strongest girl in the whole neighbourhood!"

"You really think so?"

"No doubt about it. And no-one knows these things better than I do."

Sara smiled big and bright and ran over and hugged his leg. "Isn't that right, Mrs. Brennan?"

Sharon was too mystified by what she was observing to respond. "Mrs. Brennan, isn't that right?"

"What? Oh, yes. Of course. Mr. Johnson would know."

"Yay!"

Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson gave them both his widest Hollywood smile, and Sharon found her confusion subsiding into instincts of a very different nature. My word he's handsome, she thought.

"Could I please use your phone? Had better explain to the wife where I am."

"Sure, down the hall on the wall next to the fridge."

"Great, thanks."

Sharon gathered herself and put her dressing gown on and picked Sara up. "Well, missy. This'll be a Christmas we won't forget, that's for sure."

Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson was still on the phone when they walked into the kitchen. He spoke quietly, but Sharon could tell something was wrong.

"Mummy, is Mr. Johnson okay?"

"I don't know, honey. Let's give him some space to finish his call."

Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson followed them to the loungeroom a few minutes later, as a different man than before. His towering frame slumped, crestfallen, eyes wet with tears, looking as if about to make some kind of plea.

"Well, ladies. Looks like the situation is stranger than I thought," he said.

"What's the matter, Mr. Johnson?" Sara asked, with profound concern.

"Turns out I never left home, after all. My wife says I'm still sleeping in bed."

It was then, finally, that Sharon realised they were playing witness to the most insane Christmas miracle, surely, in history. Stranger than fiction, a singular cataclysm in humanity's understanding of science and physics and anything that Neil deGrasse Tyson from *Cosmos* had to say.

Sara, on the other hand, was thrilled. So much so that she was struggling to contain herself in spite her Christmas wish's emotional state. Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson looked down, and, seeing how happy she was, managed a smile.

"Well, Miss Sara, howabout that tea party?"

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

r/wordsofbrennan