Senior agent Simon Anderson glanced at his junior partner Lynn O'Neill and took a deep breath. "Ready?" He asked, his finger hovering an inch away from the door bell. Lynn simply nodded in response, and Simon rang the bell.

The deep penetrating sound of a gong echoed from behind the door, muffled by the material, followed by footsteps a few moments later. After a short delay accompanied by the sound of a door chain being removed the door swung open, and the two agents finally managed to get eyes on their target.

"Uh... hello?" The half-asian man asked, nervously scratching the seven-day stubble on his chin. He looked tired, despite it being 1400 o'clock, and he also looked a little disheveled with his off-white t-shirt and dark blue jogging pants.

"Good day sir. I am agent Anderson, this is my partner O'Neill. Are you Mr. Josh?" The senior agent began, while he and his partner held up their IDs.

The man glanced at the IDs, then back to the agents. He hestitated for a moment. "Yes, I'm Josh. What's this about? Are you from the FBI?"

"No, we're with the Paranormal Effects National Investigation Service and would like to ask you a few questions. You are not in trouble, but we suspect you might be related to an ongoing investigation." Simon explained. "May we come in?"

"Uh, sure." Josh opened the door a bit wider and invited the agents inside. "You guys want something to drink or so? Water? Soda?"

"Thanks, we're fine." Lynn replied as the agents sat on the couch. The junior agent took a look around the living room, which was in a much better condition than its owner. One particular item in between the various decorations, books, and images and photos caught her eye: a golden plaque with a giant Youtube button in its center.

Josh unceremoniously dropped into one of the armchairs. "Okay, what do you want to talk about?"

"Did you notice any unexpected paranormal behavior in your immediate surroundings recently? Enchantments not working as expected, magical items not responding, leylines being broken, really anything out of the ordinary?" Simon asked.

Josh raised an eyebrow. "Uh... my selfcleaning clothes stopped working. That's why I'm running around like this." He pointed at his t-shirt.

Lynn nodded silently and pulled a tablet out of her pocket to make some notes.

Agent Anderson continued. "Aside from the clothes, did you notice anything else?"

"No, that's the only thing I noticed. The rest of the stuff here still works, I just used a chilling glass half an hour ago for a drink. Why, what's the problem?"

Simon stole a quick glance and his partner before he continued. "Mr. Josh, we've been getting reports from all over the city about magical malfunctions and paranormal problems of all kinds. Our investigation so far indicates that something has introduced a massive disruption of the local mana grid."

"Mr. Josh," Lynn suddenly joined the conversation. "Are you the current rentee of warehouse 17 at 33rd Kellington Road?"

Josh's face started to visibly pale, and his smile faded in an instant. "Uh... yes, I am. Why? What's wrong with it? I'm not storing anything illegal in there. Just a few dimensional pouches with random stuff. No weapons or restricted chemical substances or anything!"

"We know." The junior agent responded flatly.

"How could you know? Did you have a warrant for it or what?"

"No. Mr. Josh, I take it you haven't watched the news yet?" Simon tried to deescalate. "There was a... mystical mishap at that particular warehouse. It seems something has gone quite wrong with at least one of the dimensional pouches. We don't know yet exactly why or how, but half of downtown has been flooded by a surge of Fanta Blueberry and the accompanying millions of crushed cans."

Josh stared at the agents. "What?"

Lynn put the tablet down on the table, the display showing drone or helicopter footage of what once was a warehouse now shooting a torrent of light blue softdrink mixed with thousands of cans out of the frontdoor, the rear entrance, and the floodlights in the ceiling at high pressure. A surge of sugary blueness swamped the whole area, with the cans blocking the drains and preventing the flood to go anywhere but downtown. Several streets with dozens of shops were already completely flooded, the emergency services were busy evacuating thousands of people, and in all that chaos someone set a dumpster on fire.

"If you can provide us with any information about anything that happened in that warehouse it could help us figure out what's going on." Simon explained. "Several of our detectors indicated that the origin of the mana disturbance was located inside the warehouse. But as you can see, getting into the building is... rather difficult at the moment."

"I... I just... I never meant to..." Josh ran his fingers through his hair, his expression getting more worried by the second.

"Mr. Josh, we are not here to prosecute or arrest you. We need your help to stop whatever is going on there from flooding the whole city. Can you tell us what happened?"

The man took a deep breath. "Okay, okay. I just... I was just recording a new video for my Youtube channel. A week ago I bought some gloves of retrieval, the ones from Edodes. And two days ago I started messing around with them to see if I could get something out of them. Like... is there a limit? How far away can the retrieved thing be? How heavy can it be, how large, that kind of stuff. Only one way to find out."

Simon nodded, while Lynn had returned to making notes on her tablet. "Please continue."

"Okay, the last thing I tried was to retrieve things from my dimensional pouches. I have three of them, an... uh... T12 from Edodes, a Kangaroo from NOKI, and a Model-9 from Walmart. I put random things inside them and then retrieved them with the gloves."

"Are you sure that's all?" The senior agent pressed.

The other man nodded. "Yes, I'm sure. The only th-" He stopped midword. "Oh no. I... oh my god."

"What is it?" Lynn queried.

"I... the gloves' manual says that of course they can't retrieve more items than exist at the original location. So of course I went to see if that was true. And it seemed to work as described, but once I put the items into the pouches I could suddely pull out more stuff when I concentrated really hard on it. I put one sandwich into a pouch and retrieved two with the gloves. I was getting pretty excited at that point, it's not every day that you find a duplication... glitch... uhm..."

It was at that moment that he knew, he fucked up. Everyone in the room now began to understand what went wrong.

Simon let out a sigh. "Did you also use cans of Fanta in your experiments?"

Josh nodded. "That was the last thing I did that day. I put one can into each of the pouches, and used the glove to retrieve two cans from each. It was already getting late and I was tired, so I just stuffed everything into the... I think it was the Model-9 bag, put the bags into a locker, and went home."

"Mr. Josh, did you also put the duplicated cans and the glove into the pouch?" Lynn asked.

"Yes."

Simon stood from the couch, quickly followed by Lynn. "I think we now know what happened. A duplication glitch, powered by a dimensional pouch and using retrieval gloves as a catalyst, going into overdrive because of an astral feedback loop."

"Am I in trouble now?" A dejected Josh asked.

"No, I don't think so. This looks like a manufacturing flaw on either the pouches or the gloves. Normally the mana flows of those items should not be able to mix like that." Lynn explained. "But do you by chance still have the raw footage of your experiments? It could be extremely helpful in our further investigation."

"Yes, but it's nine hours of random nonsense."

Lynn smiled and handed Josh a small card with her info. "Doesn't matter, we're used to a lot of random nonsense and trying to find the sense in it. Please send it to me at the earliest opportunity. And you might be called as a witness to this incident, or even as a victim since you also incurred some property damage, but I'm pretty sure there's not enough material to press any charges against you. But I still recommend getting in touch with your legal counsel."

"I understand. Thank you. I'll send the material asap."

"Thank you for your time, Mr. Josh. Your answers have been very helpful." The senior agent said, while offering Josh his hand. "But one well meant bit of advice: if you continue with your... experiments with magical items... please for the love of all that is good start using a mana flow detector! That malfunction could have easily killed you in slightly different circumstances. And while cleaning half the city from blue Fanta is annoying, it's less worse than finding a body that drowned in said blue Fanta and was subsequently crushed by tens of thousands of cans. Please take care, Mr. Josh, and have a nice day."