“Why are you here? You don’t even care for the royalty, just leave us be. We don’t want to hurt you.”

 

“Hurt me? What, with that blunt bread knife you call a dagger? Here, I’ll give you one of my daggers. I want this to at least be entertaining.” Galden removed his dagger from his leather pouch, tossing the blade towards the feet of the kidnapper. The dagger landed tip down, digging itself into the floor.

 

“Wh-what? You think this is a joke? There are three of us and one of you. How are you going to kill us all? Huh? I bet you’re just bluffing, that’s all.” The main kidnapper, Mavin, glanced at the dagger near his feet before eyeing the dull edges of his weapon.

 

“Three of you and not a single piece of protective armor between you. How do you expect to pierce a helmet or chest plate with that? Pick up the weapon and show me an actual fight. If you won’t, I suggest you get out of my way. The reward for the princess is enough to fuel my drinks for the next year.”

 

“That’s all you care about? Have you no pride, sir knight? You are meant to be a glimmer of hope.”

 

“You expect me to work for free? Like those little peasants that toil away in the farmlands only to die from whatever rotten disease plagues our kingdom? I’m a knight. Nothing honorable about serving a king. Are we fighting or not? Last chance to decide.”

 

Marvin looked at his two accomplices. Brandon gave a confident nod, even while his small body shook, unable to hide his nerves. Trisha took a step forward, circling around the knight, preparing to get behind him when the battle took place. With the two having prepared for their fates, Marvin went to reach for the dagger, only to get startled by a scream.

 

“DON’T TOUCH THAT! HE WILL CUT YOUR HEAD OFF AS SOON AS YOU BEND DOWN.”

 

When Marvin pulled his head away, he would see the sword of the knight hovering overhead. Had he kept his head down any longer, it would be rolling on the floor by his feet. Trisha had tried to stop the attack, but her blade had only dented the back armor of the knight, unable to cut through. Galden returned his blade to its sheath, raising a hand towards Trisha, warning her to halt from any further attacks.

“Princess? I don’t approve of you warning your kidnappers about my attack. If I didn’t know any better, I would think you were hoping I would die in this encounter.” 
“I knew you wouldn’t die. Steel plate armor like yours can sustain such attacks. I was just hoping they might have given you a few knocks over your head before I needed to reveal myself.” She gave a mocking curtsy to Galden, collecting the dagger as she did.

 

“Come on, I don’t know what this is and I don’t care. Even if you got yourself kidnapped on purpose, it hardly matters. I have a job to do, so you can either come along quietly or I’ll drag you back over my shoulder. If you pick the second choice, I will smack you against every tree branch on the way home.”

 

“You will do no such thing to our lady.” Trisha said, stepping forward, only for Galden to look back in her direction, squinting at her through the eyehole in his helmet.

 

“Your lady? What sort of kidnappers are you people? Ok, what’s going on princess? You haven’t got a scratch on you, so it’s clear that you planned this. I’m just curious as to why. Is this some sort of royal tamper tantrum?” Galden heard a heavy step, glancing Trisha’s way. “You try anything, and I will kill you.”

 

“Trisha, it’s ok. For his many faults, Galden has been decent to me. He isn’t part of the ploy to kill me. Not even those that lurk in the castle’s shadows would trust him enough for a job like that. Isn’t that right, the disgrace of Feldindall?”

 

“Disgrace? It’s rich calling me a disgrace when your daddy sends me to do his dirty work. Are you forgetting who watched over you, brat?”

 

“Not at all. Which is why I am giving you a chance to do something right for once. There’s a cult after me, one hiding in the castle’s walls.”

 

“Ah, huh? There’s always a cult, princess. Cults are a common part of life. I’ve killed hundreds of cult members. They are just going to be a threat that you must get used to. Come on, let’s go.”

 

“You don’t understand. These cults aren’t like the others. They have members with these weird glowing blue eyes. I saw one roaming the halls at night. It would have spotted me if I didn’t dive underneath the dining table.” Brandon said, grabbing the arm of Galden, only to receive a hard smack across the face for it. Galden’s gauntlet connecting with his cheek, sending him to the floor.

  
“And what were you doing near the dining table?” Galden went to grab his sword, only for Trisha and Marvin to step forward, blocking his access to the downed man. “You’re protecting a thief.”

 

“Former thief. He was the one that convinced the others to warn me about the plan.” Alisa stepped forward, pulling up the sleeve of her long, flowing white dress before she smacked the side of his helmet with his dagger’s handle, sending a rattling through the metal. She tightly gripped the dagger after it, hoping the strike had delivered its intended message.

 

“Try harder next time if you want to do some damage, princess. Most people won’t just stand there after you hit them.” Despite his words, Galden rested a hand on the side of his head, adjusting the helmet so it was sitting upright once more. The rattling had caused a throbbing sensation to flow through his head, only for it to settle down after a few seconds. 

 

“Shut up and listen. If you don’t believe them, believe me. I saw the man they were talking about. He tried to break into my room. If those three weren’t there to distract him, he would have killed me. They distracted him long enough for the guards to come running. I didn’t plan to stick around long enough for the cult to find out they failed, which is why I escaped with them. But if you tracked me, that must mean the cult will follow soon.” Alisa said her piece, watching as Galden slipped off his helmet. The worn-down man underneath letting out a sigh, dragging his fingers against his dirty stubble.

 

“A cult with blue eyes? They aren’t demon worshippers then. Demons use blood, which tends to dye things red. Are you certain this isn’t a childish fantasy of yours?”

 

“Stay with us and see. If no one comes by tomorrow morning, I will return with you to the king, no questions asked. If someone does come, you will protect us, like a knight is supposed to.”

 

“Or I can just drag you by your ankle back home? Did you consider that, princess?”

 

“I did. Do you believe I would make the journey pleasant for you? I will run off whenever I get the chance. Not to mention I’ll bite, kick, and scratch at your eyes to get free. Can you withstand that for three days of travelling?”

 

“Fine, if no one shows up by tomorrow morning, we go.” Galden said, placing his helmet on the floor as he found a chair to slouch against in the small cottage they were hiding in.

  
“Thank you. Everyone, this is Galden. I suggest ignoring him unless you see something dangerous. He hates being called the disgrace of Feldindall. So feel free to call him that.” Alisa said.

 

“I suggest not calling me that. You are a princess and I will tolerate you saying it. I don’t extent that tolerance to your thief friends.”

 

“Acknowledged.” Marvin said, giving the knight a nod. “Sorry for any trouble. We want the best for her.”

 

“Don’t bother, he’s just a knight. We have more honor than him and we rob people. Look what he did to Brandon.” Trisha added, giving his helmet a kick across the floor.

 

“I’m alright. I just didn’t expect the hit, that’s all. It’s not his fault. The other knights would have done far worse if they knew I was a thief. It’s nice to have someone that can fight here. Maybe I’ll get some sleep tonight.”

 

“Right, well, I can’t wait to see this blue-eyed cultist that has you all worked up. Who knows, maybe I’ll see a blue-eyed dragon too? Or a hare? I’m sure I can imagine things too.” Despite his dismissive words, he couldn’t help but be interested in what the princess saw. He couldn’t trust thieves but the princess. She rarely lied about things, which was slightly unsettling.

 

Leaving him alone, the others went about cooking, cleaning or lounging around the cottage, leaving Galden to just slouch in his seat, watching as they all moved around. Galden, not in the mood to talk to anyone. Instead, he kept his eyes on his surroundings, waiting for either morning or a sign of the cultist.

&amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp;

(If you enjoyed this feel free to check out my subreddit /r/Sadnesslaughs where I'll be posting more of my writing.)