"Jess! Hey, have you got a moment?" Ed called across the fence as I got out of my car.

Since I moved to the neighbourhood Ed had always been more than helpful to me. He'd introducing me to the neighbourhood, he'd leant me a drill and he'd even babysat my daughter. Besides, I genuinely liked the guy.

"Sure, what's up?" I asked as I walked over to him.

Ed looked at my front door a little awkwardly.

"Actually, do you think we could talk about it inside? I want to pick your brain about something."

I laughed loudly, much to his confusion.

"I'm sorry," I said, "it's just the idea that you need to pick my brain for something. You've got to be one of the smartest people I've met whereas I had to get your help with my daughter's biology homework."

"That was an advanced assignment though."

"Still!"

He shrugged.

"We just have different skill sets. If you don't want to help or you're busy then that's totally fine, I really don't want to be a bother."

I sighed inwardly and gestured for him to follow me inside. Whilst I'd promised myself a relaxing night alone with a takeaway, I did feel like I somewhat owed Ed. Besides which, my interest was somewhat piqued as to what problem he could possibly have that I'd be likely to know how to solve.

"Do you want a beer?" I asked as I opened my fridge.

"No. Actually, that's part of the problem."

This surprised me but maybe shouldn't have. I knew Ed pretty well but we'd never discussed anything overly personal. Besides which, it's often something people can hide pretty well.

"Oh so, you're an- I mean, you've been having some problems with alcohol then."

Ed pulled a couple of folded sheets of paper out of his pocket.

"What? No. Well, yes, sort of. I've just done a couple of silly things and I was just wondering if you could take a look at this before work's summer party this Friday, see if there's some way that it could be changed so I can still go."

"Ah, a HR thing. I mean sure I can take a look at it but honestly if the other involved parties are uncomfortable with something you did then-" I stopped in my tracks as I glanced at the paper. "This is from the government."

"Yes."

"But Ed, you don't work for the government."

"No." Ed agreed.

I read the first page in silence and then looked back at Ed.

"This isn't a HR thing. This says that you are banned from all parties, full stop. Due to 'threatening behaviour.' Ed, what exactly did you do?"

"No, it's not like that! I didn't mean anything by it. And I know it's not a HR thing but you said that you had originally gone to law school before realising it wasn't for you so I figured you'd know more than me and maybe this is all just bluster and there's something you could say to make them go away."

The man in front of me still seemed pleasant, normal and mild mannered but normal people aren't legally banned from attending parties. I found myself very glad that my daughter was at her dad's tonight and slightly worried that agreeing to chat with Ed might not have been the right call.

"Ed, what did you do?" I asked again, slower the time.

"Second page." He mumbled in response.

I read further, my eyes flitting back up to Ed between sentences.

"You built a death ray?" I asked incredulously.

"I can't believe they've called it that in an official document like that, it sounds so silly. But, um, yeah."

I kept reading.

"A chemical that can freeze humans with a single drop?"

"Yes. I never used any of it on anyone, I didn't even threaten anyone with it. Not with any of these, actually. I just have a bit to drink and I have a good time and then before I know it I get carried away and I just make myself something."

"That... that maybe explains why you aren't in jail. I don't think 'inventing things' is technically a crime. Hey - this one doesn't sound too bad. You built a photocopier?"

Ed looked at where I was pointing.

"Oh, that's a typo. I built a *photon*copier. It duplicates photons to create extreme amounts of energy, I suppose sort of vaguely like an atomic bomb."

"Vaguely like an atomic bomb. Right. Cool." I walked to the fridge to get myself another beer and then thought better of it and grabbed the bottle of vodka from under the sink instead. "And you want to be allowed to go to parties again? That's your entire end goal?"

"Yes! Do you think you can make it happen?" Ed asked hopefully.

I thought about it.

"No. Or at least, I can't get you into your work party this Friday. I'm not a real lawyer and to be blunt with you Ed, I get why this kinda behaviour would make most people disturbed. Do you even know for sure you'd stop inventing things?"

Ed went to answer but then thought better of it. He really didn't know if he'd be able to contain himself from creating more doomsday devices in a state of drunken excitement at his next party. I sort of understood it. Ed had tried to explain scientific concepts to me before now and he would just get so enthusiastic that my blank confusion would do nothing to dissuade him. Add alcohol and a party environment and I could see how that behaviour could be magnified.

"I'm not saying I have no solution though," I told him, "come work for us."

"Work for HR?"

I laughed.

"Not for my department, for my company. I may have been a little dishonest about my occupation previously. Truth is, the company I work for is a little less in the public eye. But all of the inventions on this sheet are extraordinary and could well have defensive applications. If you come work for us then party behaviour like this would be encouraged."

"Defensive applications? Like the military? I don't know if I'm comfortable with my work being used against other countries."

I grinned.

"Well then, you're in luck. We don't fight other countries. Ed, how'd you feel about your work being used to fight supervillains?"