Rinkth appears at the nearest teleport, a speck about ten tails out. Galloping in what appears to be spellbound paces, she's beside me quickly, squinting at my chair.

"Still haven't cracked it?" she quips, then looks about the open plain, sizing up what she can deduce of the small mount at whose base we are. Sky's clear and visibility is deep. We're lucky.

"Nope," I look down at my frozen legs, "the biomagic is strong, but I've found my ways." I point toward the end of the clearing, where trees line a dense forest. Rinkth follows my point and I can tell when she catches the cave entrance, not huge but not far and discernible through the thicket.

"My time is expensive, old friend," Rinkth says after a moment of calculating what's ahead, then whispers codes that trigger the dissembly of her suit, space-ready by the looks of it. Last we spoke, she was on imperial guard contract with the alchemists in Martian-controlled Luna. Maybe she was still working that. She pulls out some sort of puffer and asks, "What are we doing here?" Then she takes a drag.

"I need help getting to someone in that cave," I say, unbuckling a sash of crystals. "This should cover about a month of your time, but I think we can do it in about four days. There's a wizard there. I've got questions for them, and I need you to escort me. And protect me." 

"This the farthest you could teleport? And you want me to push you through this... Terrain," Rinkth grabs the sash and bounces it a few times to see what's in store, then pockets it. "This is serious compensation. The wizard is dangerous. We doing this alone?"

I smile, relieved. Rinkth trusts me, and Rinkth is brave, but she knows that many crystals means mortal danger. 

"I hired three Antarcticians, assassins from the Tropical Wars. They arrive about two tails west of the cave entrance in the morning. Figure we get close to it tonight and set camp to rest, I've got some REM dust to help."

Rinkth clicks her teeth and cracks her knuckles, then stretches and moves behind me, grabbing the bar across my wheelchair's back and pushing. "Tell me about the wizard," she says as we head toward the forest, the uneven ground giving me a bumpy ride.

"I cracked the Codae," I say and we stop moving. I can sense hesitation Rinkth rarely allows to be seen, but she swallows and pushes on. I continue, "the foundational spells, they're not what we thought. They're simpler. Smarter. Cleaner. They're... Basic. I sourced them to this area and eagled for weeks looking for heat signatures. It's all right in that cave. But the wizard," I pause to consider my wording, still working it out myself, "I believe the wizard is a child. A child in mind, perhaps grown in body, but a child with such immense spiritual magic it could deconstruct and reconstruct without training, or even schooling."

We continue in silence for a beat, and Rinkth asks, " I don't understand why you predict so much danger then. Unless—"

"Yes, I think the child is angry. And I think the child is behind the sun cooling, and—" 

Rinkth clears her throat and announces, "Say no more, I don't need to—I don't want to know. I've heard enough, and the rest is details and blood."

Now that Rinkth is fully on board, I go back to meditating, running myself through the military-grade spells I've been studying, as well as the psychologic persuasions I dug up from the ancient orators. 

I whistle and sing one of Rinkth's favorite tunes from our school days, "... And in our remaining days / We will again feel sun, sun, sunny." 

We sing the rest together.