The Sol System was a rare jewel. The planets were rich in resources, and the sun was a stable and powerful one. It was no wonder that so many races wanted to claim it as their own.



But the humans were a peaceful people. They managed to broker a peace treaty whereby the races of several different galaxies could use Earth to imprison their war criminals, and in return, the races would leave the Sol System alone.



The treaty was a fragile one.



...



The starship descended through the atmosphere and touched down on the landing pad. The hatch opened and the ramp extended. The aliens disembarked. They were a strange-looking bunch, blue and green and scaly, with tentacles instead of hair. 



The aliens were escorted to an old prison facility that was being used to house the captives. 



The aliens looked different from each other, but they all had one thing in common: they were all absolutely terrified. Among them were the leaders of the most fearsome and dangerous armies in the universe, people who had conquered entire planets, people who had slaughtered millions, people who had caused fear wherever they went. Now they were nothing.



The warden, who had been there for decades and had seen all sorts of creatures pass through, was very much aware of what he was dealing with. He knew he could never hope to control these creatures.



The cells were made of an alloy that couldn't be broken by any force known to any of the races that were bound by the treaty.



The prison was deep underground, with a force field that could only be breached by the warden, and even then it was designed so that only one person could do it.



There was no escape.



...



The warden was sitting alone in the control room, when a voice came over the intercom. "Hello?"



It was a child's voice.



"Hello? It's me."



A small, bright, purple sphere came out of the intercom, and floated in front of the warden. The warden didn't know what it was. It should have been impossible.



"Hello?" the ball said again. Its voice was strange, but it was still the child's voice, unmistakeably.



"Who are you?" asked the warden.



"Me?" said the ball, floating over to a wall and sticking to it. "I'm a manifestation of achild who was once imprisoned here."



"How did you get here? We are deep underground, and the force field stops anything living from getting in. How did you get past it?"



"I didn't. I came through the time window."



"The time window?"



"Yes. The time window. You know what time is, don't you? It's a dimension that is outside this one."



The warden stared at the ball. "The child you are a manifestation of came in through the time window?"



"No. I came through the time window. I am a manifestation of the child that was once here."



The warden didn't know what to say.



"You should let the aliens go," said the ball.



"Why?" asked the warden, sceptically.



"To save Earth and all of humanity from certain doom."



"And what makes you think that I should trust you?"



"Because if you don't, you will be imprisoned down here with them, and all of humanity will be doomed."



The warden stared at the ball. He wanted to call the thing a figment of his imagination, but he couldn't. The ball looked too real.



"I do not believe that," said the warden.



"That's your choice," said the ball. "But you should know that the treaty states that in an emergency, you can release all of the prisoners."



"There is no emergency!"



"There is," said the ball. "I am the emergency."



The ball split open, and a black tentacle with a sharp, scaly claw at the end of it, reached out of the ball and tried to touch the warden's face, and the warden, who was a brave man, and a veteran of many battles, screamed, and backed away. He stared at the thing, and it stared back at him.