The dress was a purple parachute around Lucy's legs as she danced, the cream hummingbirds printed onto the cotton leaping and diving in joyous flight. Electro-swing thrummed through the room, through her body, the saxophone's erratic melody leading her movements,

Everything was alive. The birds. The night. *Lucy.*

The crowd watched Lucy, the genius of geniuses -- as the press labelled her (when she'd been just a child, no less!) -- lose herself to the drink and rhythm.

When the track finished, the crowd erupted into applause.

Lucy took a bow, her forehead sweat-slick, her smile a blazing candle that had been lost in a drawer for a decade. Found. Relit.

"Terrific," said Elliot. Her husband handed her a fizzing champagne flute then placed his arms around her lower back, pulling her close. "You were terrific."

"Thanks," she said, between panting breaths. "It's been a hot moment since I danced like that." She took a long sip, let the bubbles tickle her gums.

"What's it been?" said Elliot. "A decade since they let you party?"

"Since they let me live. A decade since I was alive. Since any of us were."

Another song started, a little slower. Some of the guests partnered up and swayed together like ghosts.

"Shall we?" said Elliot.

She raised a hand. "I need a break. And a refresh on the champagne." She leaned over and kissed his cheek.

&amp;#x200B;

Isabelle was sitting in the kitchen sipping a glass of orange.

"Now why aren't you in bed, kiddo?" Lucy asked.

"Couldn't sleep." Isabelle let out a lazy yawn, not bothering to cover it.

"Is it the music?" Lucy checked her watch. "Yeah. We should call it a night soon."

"No. It wasn't that."

Lucy poured herself another glass of bubbly and sat next to her daughter. "Well, what is it?"

The little girl shrugged. "It's just been such a long time since I've seen you happy. I didn't want to miss it."

Lucy's smile wavered. Almost dropped but she caught it. "I'll be happy plenty more from now."

"You will?"

She stroked her daughter's long auburn hair, so similar to her own. "I will."

"Why? What's different now?"

What was different now? Well, for a start, she was enjoying herself. She was at a party. She was letting go. And god, the drink helped. She'd been banned from partying and drinking for the better part of a decade. Lucy was one of the government's top physicists -- but after an incident (vague in her memory now, like a painting left out in the sun year after year, faded to white canvas) they'd given her a choice. A cramped cell, or become a prisoner in her own home. With no drink. With no fun.

She'd taken the latter offer.

"Everyone okay?" said her husband.

She'd not seen Elliot enter. He sat by them and drank his own champagne.

"We're fine, daddy," said Isabelle.

"Great party," said Elliot. "Really, it's great."

"I think we'll have to call it quits soon," said Lucy.

"Oh?" He frowned.

She nodded at their daughter. "Can't sleep. It's the excitement of it all."

"We should finish the champagne first. Still got a bottle."

"Yeah," she said, looking at her husband. But it'd sounded more like their daughter's voice. "I suppose so. Who knows when we'll next get a bottle."

"Is champagne hard to get?" asked Isabelle.

"It is for me! They banned me from drinking. Can you believe it?"

"But you're drinking now?"

She looked at the glass in her hand. "Yeah. I guess I am."

"So how did you get that?"

Her husband popped a cork and filled up her glass. "Drink! Be merry! Let me be wise."

How did she get it? It'd been hard... difficult. She'd broken protocol. Had the bottles delivered by an old friend. Smuggled, really. She wasn't allowed it here. Or allowed any guests.

"Then how did the guests get here?" asked Isabelle. "If you weren't allowed them?"

"I... I guess they snuck in too?"

They fell quiet. She drank the champagne.

Odd, she thought. No sound of footfall, of dancing. Just the music.

Lucy got to her feet; the alcohol hit her like a door. She staggered against a wall, pushed herself off, then continued unsteadily to the lounge.

Empty.

Not one living soul.

The guests had all gone.

"Well I guess that settles it," said Elliot. He'd followed her in. They both had followed.

"It does?"

"Party is officially over." He raised his glass of champagne.

Isabelle held a champagne flute too. She raised it to her mother.

Why had she got a drink? Something wasn't--

The lights flickered. Died. Darkness sank over them. The music stopped.

Then: *flames.*

All she could see were the flames erupting from their pair of champagne flutes. Their glasses were on fire!

They tipped them towards their faces, a dance of red and orange light stretching over their skin.

"Wait!"

They drank the fire. The flames spread over their faces as quickly as the sun over a glade.

"Wait! Please!" She was screaming at them but unable to step nearer. Unable to put them out.

Their bodies were on fire now. Purple and white and red and leaping in tongues, and their skin was like crinkled charcoaled paper falling and sluicing away from their bodies. Their faces were red and black pulp, only the white of their eyes, so much larger without the lids, bulbous and swollen, were staring at her, screaming at her.

And then their bodies, too, ashed into the air.

She could taste their death on her tongue.

Oh god.

It was all coming back.

Their deaths. The fire.

The memories punched at her belly and heart and brain. The room swirled with their dust.

It'd been arson. It was her meant to die, but she'd worked late. Only her family had been asleep.

Her ideas had made predicting criminality an actual science. Her thoughts had locked up tens of thousands before they'd committed crimes.

But it wasn't perfect. Someone had evaded the system. Had set the fire.

&amp;#x200B;

She'd tried to find him. She'd tried to end the world to find him. Had worked on a weapon that pulled people out of existence. Could perhaps erase even their past actions.

That had been last time she'd been drunk, at a party a year after their deaths -- that was when she'd come up with the idea.

Since then, she'd been locked up in her own home. Unable to drink or celebrate life. Too valuable to let die or to allow to stop working.

&amp;#x200B;

"I love you," she said to the ash that waltzed around her. The breeze from the fan stirred it into a frenzy. Set the hummingbirds on her dress into flight.

We love you too, the death-ash seemed to say. We need you.

She stumbled back to the kitchen. Poured another glass. They needed her. She needed them.

*Yes*.

The idea had been solid. She just hadn't been able to complete it. To go through with it.

If she pulled the murderer out of existence, out of time, then he'd never have existed to kill her family.

Only issue was, she didn't know who the man was. Only one witness and the description had been generic.

She downed the drink.

Never mind. If she had to eliminate a million people -- a hundred million, even -- to bring them back, she would.

For the first time in a decade she was alive.

And soon, they would be too.