**"You are worthy."**

These are the first and last words I will hear, then. First, when the Goddess scooped me from the clutches of Death; and now, from the growling embers of the Demon King. What his words mean, I am unsure. Perhaps he means to curse me into undeath, or transform me into a monster.

The Demon King gives a low whistle, and six figures emerge from behind the throne. My vision is fading, and it is impossible for me to see my soon-to-be killers, but I accept my fate. I gave it my all, but it was not enough. The Goddess will not save me, this time.

I close my eyes, to rest one last final time.

Then, I awake. 

I know immediately that I am alive, as my body groans in agony of the beating I was given. I open my eyes to see I am not alone; a man, a Druid by the looks of it, sits by my bedside, helping me to sit up. A woman, heavily armed and armored, faces away from me, staring out the window. The man offers me a wooden bowl, steaming with some kind of liquid.

"Drink," he says, face filled with kindness. "It will ease your pain."

I drink cautiously; it is bitter, and somewhat unpleasant, but moments after swallowing, the pain does ease. I slowly drink the rest of the tea, quenching both pain and thirst. I then look to the two before me, and question; "Have you saved me from the Demon King? Have you brought me back from death?"

The two look at each other, before the woman answers. "In a sense, yes to both; though the Demon King is not the scourge you make him to be." As she turns to face me, I suck in a breath. 

Adorned on her armor, emblazoned on the center of the chest plate, is the symbol of the Goddess; but is has been ruined, scratched out. It is destroyed, but is visible enough to send a message. *Once a follower,* it suggested, *Now a destroyer of that once worshipped*.

The druid, noting my sudden fear, attempted to put my fears to rest. "We are friends," he spoke softly, "And you have been misled before now." 

"Misled?" I question. I am now alert, but I know that I cannot escape as of now. I am still weak, and it is two against one. I will hear them out, if only to survive. "How?"

The warrior spits her answer, distaste in her voice. "The Goddess. She is not of good and of order, nor of light and life. She is a God of Sadism; of pain and suffering, of torment eternal." Her voice is filled with anger and rage. "This is what she does; what she did to all of us. She *uses* us for her pleasure. To watch us suffer, to be tormented, until we are thrown away. Like playthings, like toys." 

The druid nods, still soft in voice, but a somber note now fills it. "No Goddess of Life would allow such destruction to nature at Her whims. Acres of sacred oaks, of Faelands, burned to ash on her orders. She disguised it to her followers as a land of monsters, but the Fae belong to Nature alone, and mean no harm if harm does not befall them."

I can tell they are sincere, but it is impossible. It *must* be. "What of the monster attacks on the villages? Are these not the work of the Demon King?"

"Have you ever seen the Mark of the Beast on these monsters?"

I open my mouth to fire back my answer, except I find silence as a thought connects in my head. No, they did not. Ever beast and creature I slayed up to the Throne of the Demon King wore his Mark; a branding of flesh, in the sigil of an inverted pentagram. But the attacks; the whole villages slaughtered, any corpses left by the monsters did not have this Mark.

"N-no, but it must be a curse, removal upon death--"

~~No.~~

The answer is in the Common tongue, but it is whispered into my mind. My eyes snap to the doorframe, where a demoness stands. She presents the corpse of a goblin; slashes seared by heat and magic--*by my blade*. Presented in the death, is the Mark, unfettered by the passing of life.

~~We who serve the Demon King wear our brands with pride, and die in the honor of serving him. We are not cursed, and our Marks are permanent.~~ She lowers the corpse, and before making her exit, remarks, ~~The Goddess lies to all.~~

Despite the pain-altering drink, my head begins to pound. It can't be true, it *can't*, but the evidence so far is showing that the words are true. I'm not convinced, not in my heart, but my attention has been caught.

"I still don't trust you all," I caution, "But fine. Let us talk; convince me of your convictions."

The two smile. "That is all we ask."