I kept my eyes closed and my head bowed as the door thudded in front of me. It would hold, I knew it for truth every time it rocked on its creaking hinges and settled back squarely. It would hold as long as it needed to. I had made it so.

In my core, the energy roiled and coursed. The pure aether of Tipheret welled up, higher and higher…it could not be interrupted! Every mote, every potential particle of power was needed if the Cold Guest truly was here. Nothing was more important than he and I, fundamentally. So I waited, and meditated, and measured out the injuries I could afford, to house more of the essence of the Tree. They were considerable, but the odds would swing in my favor in the short term. As long as I could finish this fast…

“And that is how I am justifying myself, Savrah.” I lifted my hand off of my partner’s forehead, leaving behind a wisp of my power. Her gasps slowed, and the look of shock subsided, though her glassy eyes still wandered. I tucked my robe beneath me and returned to my seat in front of the door. “Please calm down and let me rest.”

“You can just…huuuh!” My markswoman’s eyes snapped back to sharp attention as she spoke. She leveled that glare at me. “Just talk…say. Say that next time! Gah!” Her hands flew into the air and she collected that bolt launcher into her arm again. I wondered with an involuntary wince if she’d designed the process to look as unpleasant as it did.

“You had your weapon at my head, Savrah. Your lack of emotional control is getting worse. Please look into that.” The moment sped up, and the door pounded again. From the sound of it, they were looking for a bigger ram, outside. I scoffed. After my undine decided she’d glared enough, she looked at the still thudding door and gave it a dismissive laugh, now knowing it as I know it.

“Right, I’ll do that. Aggrsyn and I need to have a conversation anyway. You’re kind of mean, you know that.”

“I do know that, but what are you referring to?”

“You’re letting the door rock on those damn hinges. Sounds like it’s about to give way at any moment. They’re so excited outside it’s…Rho, get that creepy smile off your face! Nise’s nails, I hate when you smile like that!”

I couldn’t help it, I really couldn’t. Not only did it keep the rabble occupied here and not running riot elsewhere, not *only* did it continue to contrive for the Guest the idea that it was possible for meager humans to influence me anymore and waste his time…

Their hope, as brilliant as it was with its righteous and justifiable fury, was about to be snuffed out and replaced with a despair that was equal in magnitude in every way. It was still a heady drug, and in times such as this, I needed every good thing that I could find. My eyes glowed as my spirit soared, and I beheld the world as a phoenix. Beneath me, the fire of hope died and was added to me.

I could definitely drive him off now. Ha ha ha…those poor fools.

Beneath me, Savrah sighed again and opened her pack to find something to eat. Her expertise was redundant here.

Men turned to char as fat bubbled and seethed within the hell I left behind for them. The fires did not touch the cottage, nothing could. It was no trifle to section it off, but it prevented, at least, the scenario of ‘losing.’ The Guest was before me. I took wing and sailed into the sky.

He and I grappled already, his clairvoyant spell energies rocketing forth from random pockets as he struck me, again and again. Low level spells, testing me, probing for weaknesses, wrong! I wrapped the essence within me inside of an unseeable kernel, and pieces of my form blew into molten tatters, spattering the infinite buildings below with sulfurous gore. My form hardly mattered, but I stumbled in my flight. 

As I steadied my course with some difficulty, the pockets reopened around me. I crowed in ‘pain’ and excitement, when the second salvo of missiles tore through me! I began to consider my best case scenarios again. He couldn’t die, I couldn’t afford it. But I could cripple him. Not all of the way, but enough to keep check on his meteoric rise in power. I couldn’t afford to let him grow like this. If I died even once, somewhere he could reach, that was the disaster. 

Eventually, I was sure to outstrip him. I was conscious of greater things, after all, but still…there was a long window before he was no longer capable of affecting me. My attention to the greater roads of fate were jogged by a bit of pain, unfortunately, something was going wrong. Perhaps…

I snapped to my senses. I was barely a bird anymore. I was barely living! Rhodon Cassetlius, what madness took hold!? I eked out an energy shield, and the magic missiles that would have killed me thudded inches away from my skin. I sensed the change in the Cold Guest’s demeanor, but I dragged my soaring body through the air, over the final trio of rolling hills and into his concealed cave. As I detonated, I saw the comprehension in his eyes. This was the last time I’d get to use this trick. But…once was plenty.

The connection between us, the siphon he’d snuck into our causal relationship, was smote with the full might of the Sephirot, thrice over what I had ever commanded before. The Guest’s fate was scorched, on a level that neither of us could repair. That was a problem for him, though, and not really for me. My soul disengaged from the tether of this body and snapped back to the Tree of Life, and as I ascended, the avatar of Da’at gifted me greatly with his frustrated screams.

It helped to improve the sourness of the realization that I was quite the hypocrite. I owed Savrah an apology as soon as I manifested next. I grimaced as I looked at my ruined energy core. I'd added months of delay, at least. I immediately decided that I didn't want to try a stunt like that again, even if it *could* work.

Until then, my personal room materialized around me at my request, and I stood outside the great library and the fields surrounding it, with the trills of birds filling the air with song and a gentle pair of suns rotating around each other in a dance of eons. There was still so far to go, even beyond this which I called magnificent! I couldn’t wait to find out what it was. I sat down in the grass and began to practice once once more.