No tactic presented itself to be fitting, no strategy dented the massive head of the supervillain. Not even the most dissonant chords, not even the highest or lowest notes imaginable, not even the shrieks of leger line swords trying again and again to penetrate the impenetrable barriers of this villain's scaly skin. The villain's lungs were nonexistent, replaced with fishy gills that flopped around, destroying buildings all around. The villain was a blue-tinged creature, choking and flopping around with an evil intent. The villain... was a gigantic, fifty-feet tall, fish.   
I had enjoyed fish. I had bitten into the flesh of fish, enjoying the flavor and the texture of fish flesh. Oh- how I wish I could do so with this tone-deaf mass of a fish, vibrating and making that horrid bubbling noise from deep inside its throat. The horrid music- no, not even music. Noises. Noises of the dying yet destructive fish obstructed the sounds my earpieces let out. Ah, my earpieces. My precious earpieces that presented itself with a surprising array of music. The music supplied a sort of catalyst, enzymes, to boost my intelligence (with the musical delights of "dead guy music"), to make me strong as The Rock with rock music, to make me fluent in Korean with Kpop music, EDM to make my technological information higher, and oh so many wonderful pieces of my choosing. They should have worked. Every time there was a catastrophic disaster of some existence, the music of my earpieces have soothed me with high, unlimited powers. I had been able to destroy dinosaurs (with music based on meteors, of course) and destroy the greatest evil madman there was (Songs of the power of love... how nice, you see.) However, its dependability dwindled with the emergence of the evil, ginormous fish.   
The fish flopped around with its horrendous noises unfit for any human to listen to, not even the most significantly renounced marine biologists. "Ugh, how disgustingly revolting," I told myself, switching the currently inaudible playlist to the Aquarium of Saint Saens Carnival of the Animals, hoping it would give some vital clue to how to defeat and hopefully consume the fish before me. Unluckily, the music did absolutely nothing. It was hardly heard, for there was too much flopping and gurgling of the fish, but all else it did was a heightened awareness to the fish. The fish still flopped around, eliciting fearful screams and falling buildings. I walked myself back, for there was no use staying too close to the fish.   
"Curses to my cursed earpieces, equivalent of rotten earwax. I do wonder if they even work at all," I cursed, fearfully, attempting repeatedly to obtain a useful power from my earpieces. Nothing seemed to work, and everything was too complex to be able to overcome the fearful blurblike dialogues of the fish. Frustration started to pent up in my heart, for this was never how things had ever gone. Something had always showed up, something had always worked.   
"Oh no, oh no," I thought to myself, looking frantically at the fish. The fishy creature had looked suffering, dying, moments ago, but now it seemed to have a greater and increased vitality. The fish flopped around a lot quicker than before, jumping higher and higher. Somehow, the highest buildings started to fall. My heart beat faster and harder, and I thought my body was shaking from the tremors. My mental state went blank.  
But that could not go on, because I was the designated hero of the city.  
I needed a plan, a backup plan. Did I have a backup plan?  
"Oh yes, a backup plan. The backup plan, that was the..." I muttered to myself, suddenly remembering my "backup plan."  
I nervously laughed. The backup plan was the "forbidden playlist".   
The forbidden playlist... it was a loop of the countless variations of one singular song.   
Could this work?  
I clicked my way through my earpiece with one strand of hope.   
Yes, I found it- the forbidden song's loop.   
I clicked, and the music played out through the air, vibrating my auditory ossicles and vibrating my brain. The sound was much, much louder than ever before. The gurgling sounds of I trembled at the monstrous dominance of the music, and suddenly, I felt a tremendous change within me.   
My head changed into a circular, yellow shark's head, cute enough to daze even the evilest evil lords of any fantasy novel. My arms became extremely strong and stiff, extending into two chopstick-like arms. Then, I started dancing and singing.   
"Baby shark, doo doo doo doo doo Baby shark, doo doo doo doo doo Baby shark," I sang in perfect pitch, turning and clapping my arms this way and that. The whole city stopped to watch me, and the evil fish stopped flopping around, obviously in awe of my spectacular dancing. The verses went on, and I realized that this song was the perfect fit for this fish. I had not thought of the fact that sharks ate fish. This meant I could walk on and consume the fish at my will. At this realization, I walked towards the now-unmoving fish almost-corpse. My arms had changed into limbs as strong as shark jaws, and were layered with teeth, like lampreys. The fish looked at me in terror, and sluggishly squirmed to hide between whatever it thought of. Resistance was futile. My arms clamped on the gigantic fish, and suddenly the fish was dead.   
  
As I saw the fish disintigrate into individual sashimi cuts, the baby shark fascade faded, finally. I collapsed on the floor into a tired mess, my eyes closing into silent oblivion.  
  
\---  
  
Time passed, and I awoke many hours later by a small young child poking my nose softly. My eyes slowly opened to find two smiling innocent eyes staring into my soul.  
"Big sibling, that was the coolest thing ever," the child said in awe. I stood up and patted the young toddler. The child seemed to have this... baby shark t-shirt, quite fitting with what I had just done in front of the whole city, or what was left of it.