The colony had been doing well. It had grown from the original twenty thousand settlers to over two hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants. It all changed when another ship from Earth appeared. There were only five thousand people on it.

The original colonists found out too late these travelers were not looking for a place to build from scratch. They were looking for an established colony that had already done all the hard work so they didn't have to. They wanted all the benefits of living on a world with vast resources without having to invest their blood, their sweat, their generations of families to obtain those benefits.

In less than fifty years, the colony went from being self-sufficient to being in crisis. The late-comers saw no reason to conserve resources, fought all plans that would help their children live a better life down the road if it meant they had to suffer inconvenience today.

She grew up watching the slow decline of her world as the late-comers eroded all the hard-won gains of her family and the families of the original colonists. She knew her children would suffer, and their children might not even reach adulthood. She knew there would be no help from Earth, or anywhere else. It was up to her to save the colony from its eventual destruction at the hands of the late-comers and their offspring. 

The late-comers and their offspring had inveigled their way into the bureaucracy. Openly fighting them would waste too much time and still the colony would be at risk of collapse. She looked around and found many others who saw what she did, but were hamstrung at every attempt to reverse the accelerating decline.

Together they formed a plan. They would make the late-comers an offer they couldn't refuse. Already the colony's power grid and infrastructure was being stressed to its limits. The late-comers refused to cut back their over-consumption, forcing the rest to suffer. 

She knew the late-comers and their offspring refused to consider the future. The present was all that mattered. She counted on their short-sightedness. It was the key to saving the colony.

She met with the bureaucrats. She showed them the forecasts – total colony collapse in a generation or two unless changes were made. They protested that resources were already stretched thin. They refused to admit it was their greed, their insatiable appetite for comfort that was the cause. 

She expected their resistance. She presented her plan. They were shocked and appalled until she explained that others had already volunteered. Because none of them or their families would be required to contribute, they signed off on her proposal. 

She and the volunteers built a repository. It was to hold the very essence of four hundred of the colonists. Their possessions, their property would be converted from matter to energy. The repository would convert their flesh-and-blood to energy while storing an image of them. To the volunteers, it would seem to happen instantaneously. They would be, not be, and be again in a blink of an ey. 

The repository would hold a record of them for four hundred years. The energy their sacrifice would provide the colony would ease its crisis and allow the colony the breathing room to build itself back up. 

She gave them a well-designed plan for fixing the issues the colony was dealing with – food shortages, energy shortages, aging infrastructure, and many other issues. It would take several generations, but the sacrifice of the volunteers would not be in vain. 

The plan stretched over three centuries, but if followed, the volunteers could be restored to life at the end of the third century without causing the colony any hardship. Plus the volunteers would be re-entering life in a stronger, more robust colony than they left. 

The day came. Three hundred ninety-nine men, women, and their children entered the conversion chamber one by one and had their lives entered into the repository. Before doing that, they had delivered their worldly goods to the recyclers to be converted to energy to be stored for future use.

As soon as she informed the bureaucrats the conversion of the volunteers had been completed, she was arrested and charged with their murder. At the trial she admitted the process effectively killed them. She tried to explain the process could be reversed in an instant, and to the person, it would be as if it had never happened, but the bureaucrats still demanded she be punished. They demanded she suffer the same fate as those she had killed.

Except when she entered the conversion chamber, it locked her jailers out. She remained untouched and unconverted. For the next three centuries, she remained in the chamber. Some said she slept, others said her eyes never closed and followed you all the time you were in the chamber room.

She and the volunteers had expected the bureaucrats to renege. They knew the bureaucrats would not follow the long-term plan. They expected her to be singled out. Even if she had not been found guilty of the deaths of the others, she had still planned to reside in the conversion chamber over the four centuries.

For the next three hundred years, the bureaucrats tried to destroy the repository, but found it had been intertwined into the infrastructure of the colony so well, that any harm it suffered would cripple the colony. The volunteers knew better than to trust the bureaucrats and had built in ways for her to control key components of the colony's infrastructure. Any attempt to harm the repository was met with swift reprisals to the families of the late-comers only. It only took a couple times of having nothing working in their homes, their offices, their playgrounds, and their endless dissipations, for all attempts to destroy it to cease.

The bureaucrats didn't examine too closely the agreement they made with her until the last decade before the conversion process would reverse itself. When they did, they found the clause that stated if the long-term plan had not been completed, those who volunteered were allowed to pick anyone from the colony to take their place -and by doing so, provide necessary energy for the long-term plan to be implemented through them being converted. Those who were chosen would not be stored in the repository. They would cease to exist forever.

Of course, the bureaucrats who were in charge at the end of the third century were not those who agreed to the terms of the contract. The volunteers had made sure their families and the rest of the original colonists knew the terms of the contract. These colonists had tried over the several generations to get the descendants of the late-comers to follow the long-term plan. But in true late-comer arrogance, the late-comers came up with all sorts of ways to block any progress. 

Once they knew their very lives were on the line, the bureaucrats made a feeble attempt to implement the long-term plan but it proved impossible. The energy provided by the volunteers that was to tide the colony over until it had beefed up its energy infrastructure was long gone. Once they realized there was no hope, the descendants of the late-comers turned to their dissipations in earnest, hoping to forget what lay in store for them.

All the time she spent watching over the repository, she had not been idle. Over the centuries, she had kept tabs on the bureaucrats. They had acted exactly as the volunteers predicted. The bureaucrats weren't told, but the repository had ways it could be added to. She had added information to all the adults' repositories so that when they became flesh-and-blood once again, they'd have full knowledge of what had transpired during their slumber. They would be leaving the repository with the full knowledge of all the changes in technology and the understanding of it. They would also know all the details of how the late-comers had betrayed her and them. 

In the last year before the repository was to reopen, the bureaucrats tried to again paint her as a murderer, the volunteers as lost forever, and tried any way they could to prevent it from re-opening. They failed. Miserably. 

The day of reckoning came. The descendants of the original families gathered the descendants of the late-comers and held them captive. Together they watched the repository timer count down to zero. Together they watched her emerge first, followed by the rest. 

Together, she, the three-hundred-ninety-nine, and the descendants of the original colonists forced the late-comers into the conversion chamber one -by lousy, wasteful, useless-drain-on-the-colony -one. The resultant energy reserve was barely enough for the remaining colonists to implement the long-term plan and save their colony. It took three generations, but no one complained.