Julia leaned back on her couch, masticating a banana.

"Ew, no. I'm not doing that sort of story," said Julia to the fourth nearest wall.

Masticating just means chewing.

"Oh. Okay. A banana though? Still seems a little iffy."

Julia masticated on a bowl of rice krispies, the pops and crunching mixing with the crackle of the quiet radio in the corner and the downpour of rain on the roof. The lights had been flickering all evening, but the power held until a bolt of lightning struck the transformer down the street. Her amber emergency lighting splashed over her face as she swallowed the last of the —.

"No. You're doing that one on purpose. Try again."

The amber lights cast a pale, dim glow across the room as she finished the cereal. An urgent series of knocks sounded from the front door. Another crash of lightning highlighted the pounding.

"Alright, I'm going to go get that, but I want to be clear that when I stand up I'm going to be wearing appropriate clothing for a woman alone on a dark, stormy night. Not like some scream queen negligee."

Julia creeped towards the door in her flannel pajama bottoms and ex-boyfriend's hoodie. The floorboards creaked under the feet. Wind drafted through the edges of the old door, which had no peephole. Julia wrapped a fist around the old baseball bat she kept near the door before opening it a crack.

There, lying on her doorstep in the rain, was a drenched lagomorph. Julia slammed the door.

"I'm not dealing with some werewolf."

A lagomorph is just a rabbit. Like, a normal sized bunny. Just wet from the rain.

"Okay, but that doesn't explain the knocking."

As she stands there talking to the wall, Julia remembers that the antique door knocker would swing itself in heavy winds. She hated it, but the historical preservation commission wouldn't allow it to be changed. She opened the door.

The bunny was shivering in the cold, its light fur soaked with rain and its ears drooping. Julia looked around for others outside and glanced once more at the wall before leaning down to pick up the rabbit.

The animal was gentle and allowed her to get two hands under its front legs. When Julia lifted it up she gasped as what she saw.

The rabbit was cute, but it had a dark underbelly.

\[More writing at r/c_avery_m\]