"Lesson one green horns, Never. Settle. For. Massive. Civilian. Casualties. Always kill or at least cripple one hero, or you aint jack shit."

With that, I snapped the neck of Supes Jackson, the "Boy Scout in the Black Cape".

There was a gasp of shock that rippled through the crowd.

"Lesson two. Death is like a cold. Within a few weeks, or maybe months... If I'm really lucky it'll be years, this asshole will rise from the dead stronger and more powerful, but only because he's got a penis and testicles."

I smiled at them. 

"Which brings us to lesson three. Fate, luck, kismet, karma, destiny, whatever you wanna call it, fucks women over in worse ways than your genitals or hands ever could or will. Prime example, women come back from the dead weaker or at best only as powerful as they were before dying."

I saw the groans withheld. Some of the guys were bracing themselves for a lecture on social morality and injustice. They were barking up the wrong tree.

"Always use that to your advantage, especially if you are a woman. Whether your or I or anyone else likes it or not, ladies, you are going to get fucked over worse by circumstances and situations, nearly every single time. You'll get pregnated by aliens and have a baby that hyper accelerates in age, for example... which brings us to..."

I held up a hand to pause. Pulled out a tallboy can'a beer. Flipped it upside down. Took a church-key and cracked a hole in the bottom, then popped the tab, which was now below the bottom and chugged the whole thing into my mouth. Belched, pulled out a smoke and lit up. Exhaling with a wonderful joy I hadn't felt since I'd been imprisoned in The Realm of Eternal Boredom for 20 years.

"Lesson four maggots. Children are a nuisance and a liability and the secondary targets of luck and fate. More'n half of 'em age at an accelerated rate until they're at least teenagers, because actual infants and toddlers are a pain in the ass that heroes don't wanna fuck with.

"Don't never be afraid to kill a heroes kid. It makes you bad ass and controversial and ensures that you can not die. That brings us to your final lesson for today."

&amp;#x200B;

I took a long, hotboxy drag and smiled.

"Lesson Five. Only the boring die and stay dead. As long as you're grabbing attention and infamy and distorting the status quo, you WILL survive. You might die once in awhile, but death will be like a cold. You'll get over it and you'll get better."  


I flicked the cig into the sky and took out the lead duck in a flock headed south for winter.

"Now, let's start hacking up this corpse so you maggots can drop pieces in different cities across the planet."