*Music has the power to make people do many things, mainly dance, for me, it was more factual that it made me do more. Right now though, the unthinkable happened. My playlist looped.*   


"You'll never beat me, I studied your playlists and knew exactly when to strike. When you looped back to your starter song!"  


It was true, my playlist looped back to "Lose Yourself" by Eminem and my body began to relax as the opening came through. I coughed up blood and fell to my knees as my body stopped tensing up from the pain.   
"Pause."  
The music stopped.  
"Open up the gaming playlist. Code 935."  


My adversary chuckled as he loomed over me, his hand raised to finish me off in one go. "I'll let you humor me. Pick your last song they'll play it at your funeral as I come to piss on your grave!"  


"Forbidden Track One. Prepare Track Two in case things go south." I rose from the ground, produced a pistol from my side, and chucked it at him.   


"You're supposed to shoot your gun not throw it at me lazily!" He replied as he took the gun into his hand, the town, now rubble, we were in began to shift and change. From the rubble, became an old western town. I was now back, somewhat alive, riding on a horse to the southern point in town.  


There are folks around, though I didn't speak a word as I hummed my tune as I knew they were but illusions brought on by the song. I had a few hours, enough time to patch myself up. I got a bit of whiskey and adjusted my outfit. At 20 past 11, it was time, and I walked out into the street. My adversary stood there, the pistol I gave him on his side. He didn't realize it yet, that's good, now to play the rest.  


Forty feet, that's the magic number. We each stepped away, counting, 3..2..1...I twist around with quick precision, pulling the big iron on my hip from its holster and gunned him down before he even cleared leather. He laid there on the ground, dead.   


"Pause after the end. Un-queue song 2, we don't need the invincible tune from Mario." the song continued on, and as it faded out, the world turned back to rubble. I fell to the ground, laughing, coughing up blood, but eventually steadying myself as I walked over to his corpse.  


"You see, I was gonna go easy on you, but you laughed and let me pick my funeral song. That's where you went wrong because whenever I play this, the other doesn't know what's going to happen until it's too late. It's powerful, too powerful to use all the time. Ah, why am I explaining this to you, you're a dam corpse."

&amp;#x200B;

I pulled out my phone, called for some medical attention and the nearest coffin maker then went back to grab my pistol and put it back where the big iron used to be.  


Link to the Song:  


[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzICMIu5zFY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzICMIu5zFY)